
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000366                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   365539500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2254804890500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              168935495                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                168928626                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              630176224                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 725092                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    97984950                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      97984950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       227904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       876032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1103936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       227904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        227904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       564288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          564288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         3561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        13688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          8817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               8817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    623472976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   2396545380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            3020018356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    623472976                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        623472976                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1543712786                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1543712786                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1543712786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    623472976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   2396545380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           4563731143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       2556                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                      529     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                     540     50.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 1069                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                       527     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                      527     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  1054                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                344810000     94.30%     94.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31                20830000      5.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            365640000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.996219                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.975926                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.985968                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      5.56%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2     11.11%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          2     11.11%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      5.56%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      5.56%     38.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      5.56%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3     16.67%     61.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      5.56%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      5.56%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         4     22.22%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      5.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     18                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   118      9.57%      9.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.49%     10.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                   886     71.86%     81.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                       1      0.08%     82.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.08%     82.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.08%     82.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      183     14.84%     97.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   33      2.68%     99.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        4      0.32%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   1233                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               301                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 181                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.601329                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.751037                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          261876500     71.62%     71.62% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            103763500     28.38%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      118                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             18792                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              244697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             18792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.021339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    29.383058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   482.616942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.057389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.942611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            544864                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           544864                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       124208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          124208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       115569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         115569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       239777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           239777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       239777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          239777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          9273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9261                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9261                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        18534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          18534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        18534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         18534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       133481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       133481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       124830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       124830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       258311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       258311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074189                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074189                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.109467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.109467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12041                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             12041                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              7202                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.874605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              726373                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              7202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            100.857123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    28.051622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   483.822982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.054788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.944967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           1468649                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          1468649                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          723520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           723520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          723520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          7203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           7203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          7203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       730723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       730723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       730723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7202                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              7202                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18281                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3993.860159                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       23278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.273344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1834.552832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         28.719887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         56.874550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   823.960291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1249.752600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.447889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.013885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.201162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.305115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.975064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          974                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2897                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977783                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    443119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   443119                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12041                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            12041                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7187                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             7187                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          977                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   977                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         3641                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               3641                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4127                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              4127                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          3641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          5104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     8745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         3641                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         5104                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    8745                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8283                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8283                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3561                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3561                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5405                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5405                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        13688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3561                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        13688                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17249                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12041                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12041                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7187                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7187                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9260                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9260                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7202                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           7202                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9532                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9532                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                25994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               25994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894492                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.894492                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494446                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.494446                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.567037                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.567037                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.663576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.663576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8817                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8817                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8966                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8817                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             8410                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8966                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        51727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        51727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  51727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1668224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1668224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1668224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             34477                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   34477    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               34477                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               134748                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                773                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            44042                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              127018                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               161                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   21                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           21037                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               261766                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses                934                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    33                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            65079                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              228247                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               356                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          228603                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                   731079                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts              729756                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps                729756                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses        702073                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           3891                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               15297                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts        76742                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts               702073                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  3891                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads       987025                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes       491639                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         2507                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2473                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                264186                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              136632                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             127554                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles             731079                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                     97271                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         15111      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            426355     58.35%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult              705      0.10%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1218      0.17%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             230      0.03%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           140777     19.27%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          127897     17.50%     97.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          18430      2.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total             730723                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        51990                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        25997                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           40                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1107                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1107                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             16735                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12041                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6727                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9260                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9260                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          7203                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9532                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        21593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        56354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 77947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       920960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1973312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2894272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           18281                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            70271                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.016920                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.128973                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  69082     98.31%     98.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1189      1.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              70271                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.042398                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 42398438500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2297574490000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2778693                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2778692                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              644155131                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 727140                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    65.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   182894077                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     182894077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      3022080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    139634560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          142656640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      3022080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       3022080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    117368576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       117368576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        47220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      2181790                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2229010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1833884                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1833884                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     71278097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   3293389213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            3364667310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     71278097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         71278097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      2768228740                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           2768228740                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      2768228740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     71278097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   3293389213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           6132896050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      368                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                      86401                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    29171     47.99%     47.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     211      0.35%     48.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                      43      0.07%     48.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                   31358     51.59%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                60783                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     27878     49.77%     49.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      211      0.38%     50.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                       43      0.08%     50.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    27878     49.77%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                 56010                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0              38811628500     91.54%     91.54% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                15408500      0.04%     91.58% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 2107000      0.00%     91.58% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31              3569513000      8.42%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total          42398657000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.955675                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.889024                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.921475                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      2.70%      2.70% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          4     10.81%     13.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          3      8.11%     21.62% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          1      2.70%     24.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         4     10.81%     35.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      2.70%     37.84% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         1      2.70%     40.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      2.70%     43.24% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      2.70%     45.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      2.70%     48.65% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        15     40.54%     89.19% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         1      2.70%     91.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        1      2.70%     94.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::256                        1      2.70%     97.30% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::257                        1      2.70%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     37                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   148      0.24%      0.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        8      0.01%      0.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                 52559     85.42%     85.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     728      1.18%     86.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.00%     86.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.00%     86.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     7970     12.95%     99.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   60      0.10%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        3      0.00%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  53      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                  61532                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              8096                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                6451                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  22                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                6462                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  6451                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    11                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.798172                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.887089                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        19502786500     46.00%     46.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user          22842203000     53.87%     99.87% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle             53667500      0.13%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      148                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2402629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            29102076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2402629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             12.112597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          340                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          66125843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         66125843                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7729547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7729547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     21522965                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       21522965                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        98434                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        98434                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       108032                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       108032                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     29252512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         29252512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     29252512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        29252512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       659860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        659860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1733073                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1733073                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9696                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9696                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2392933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2392933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2392933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2392933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8389407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8389407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     23256038                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     23256038                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       108130                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       108130                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       108032                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       108032                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     31645445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     31645445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     31645445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     31645445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074521                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074521                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089670                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089670                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1807530                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1807530                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            202267                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.999959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            82373166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            202267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            407.249655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         168586830                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        168586830                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     83990013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        83990013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     83990013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         83990013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     83990013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        83990013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       202268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        202268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       202268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         202268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       202268                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        202268                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     84192281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     84192281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     84192281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     84192281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     84192281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     84192281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       202267                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            202267                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                1381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                 11354112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       1391                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 2145                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                2145                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              179885                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             179885                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         5712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         8500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       355560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       355560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  364060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         3936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3213                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         9129                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     11357088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total     11357088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 11366217                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               177780                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               177780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1600020                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1600020                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       177408                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       177408                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              372                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       177408                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       177408                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          177408                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               177408                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   2263313                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3966.281824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1216840                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2263313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.537637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2856.690600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          1.739327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.122356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   105.888902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1001.840639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.697434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.025852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.244590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.968331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4049                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1047                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          555                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988525                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  45664352                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 45664352                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1807530                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1807530                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       202249                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           202249                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        91818                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 91818                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       155048                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             155048                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       128972                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            128972                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        155048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        220790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   375838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       155048                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       220790                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  375838                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1641255                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1641255                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        47220                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            47220                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       540584                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          540584                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        47220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2181839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2229059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        47220                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2181839                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2229059                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1807530                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1807530                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       202249                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       202249                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1733073                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1733073                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       202268                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         202268                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       669556                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        669556                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       202268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2402629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2604897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       202268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2402629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2604897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.947020                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.947020                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.233453                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.233453                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.807377                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.807377                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.233453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.908105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.855719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.233453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.908105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.855719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1656476                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1656476                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             589949                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               2477                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              2477                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1833884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           572865                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               33                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              33                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1641222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1641222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        588176                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        177408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       177408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       532968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       532968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         8500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6687459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      6695959                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                7228927                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11377920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     11377920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9129                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    248672128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    248681257                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               260059177                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           4818226                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 4818226    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             4818226                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              8496865                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               6348                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          3628655                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            23374029                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             17775                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   26                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        13407889                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             31870894                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              24123                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    38                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         17036544                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            46575888                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               454                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        46576342                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 84797245                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            84168120                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              84168120                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses      76728021                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           5925                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls              800993                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts      6694844                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts             76728021                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  5925                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads    112225949                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes     45112594                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         1485                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         1439                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs              31897988                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts             8505670                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts           23392318                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       604503.773389                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       84192741.226611                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.992871                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.007129                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                   7698277                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass       7025272      8.34%      8.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu          44501266     52.86%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult            59819      0.07%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            3304      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt              50      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              1      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv              22      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead          8644086     10.27%     71.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite        23403336     27.80%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess         555125      0.66%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total           84192281                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5209793                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2604895                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1313                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          35730                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        35730                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               1773                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            873597                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              2477                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             2477                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1807530                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       202249                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          593804                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1733073                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1733073                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        202268                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       669556                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       606785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7215092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7821877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     25889088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    269459305                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              295348393                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2619055                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          7832916                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.004897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.069804                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                7794561     99.51%     99.51% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  38355      0.49%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            7832916                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.572506                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1572506287500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3870080777500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1618760                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1618760                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              764915381                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 728164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2055.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3327832226                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3327832226                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      5590528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     84902656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           90493184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5590528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       5590528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     55888960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        55888960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        87352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1326604                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1413956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        873265                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             873265                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      3555171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     53991934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              57547105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      3555171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          3555171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        35541327                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             35541327                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        35541327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      3555171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     53991934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             93088432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     176103                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    14589     31.30%     31.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1610      3.45%     34.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                   30413     65.25%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                46612                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     14589     47.39%     47.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1610      5.23%     52.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    14589     47.39%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                 30788                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1570426917000     99.87%     99.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                78890000      0.01%     99.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31              2000361500      0.13%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1572506168500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                         1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.479696                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.660517                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::1                          3      0.58%      0.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                       142     27.52%     28.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         4      0.78%     28.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         7      1.36%     30.23% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                       359     69.57%     99.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::75                         1      0.19%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    516                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   473      0.47%      0.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        3      0.00%      0.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                 40763     40.74%     41.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    3621      3.62%     44.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     4239      4.24%     49.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  536      0.54%     49.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        3      0.00%     49.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique               50429     50.40%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 100067                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              4712                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                4234                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                4234                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  4234                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.898557                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.946568                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         5192515000      0.33%      0.33% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user         1567313653500     99.67%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      473                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          15189373                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           851008324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          15189373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             56.026560                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1747011075                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1747011075                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    617430802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       617430802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    232943700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      232943700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       164745                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       164745                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       182231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       182231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    850374502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        850374502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    850374502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       850374502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11579957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      11579957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3591927                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3591927                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        17489                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17489                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     15171884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       15171884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     15171884                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      15171884                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    629010759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    629010759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    236535627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    236535627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       182234                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       182234                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       182231                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       182231                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    865546386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    865546386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    865546386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    865546386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015186                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015186                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095970                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.095970                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     14079312                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          14079312                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           1083027                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          3137477512                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           1083027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           2896.952257                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          344                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        6291101261                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       6291101261                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst   3143926090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      3143926090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst   3143926090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       3143926090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst   3143926090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      3143926090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1083027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1083027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1083027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1083027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1083027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1083027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   3145009117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3145009117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   3145009117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   3145009117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   3145009117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   3145009117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1083027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           1083027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1610                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1610                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         3220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         3220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    3220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        12880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        12880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    12880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1486784                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4005.283205                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    27352247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1486784                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     18.396920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2036.325483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   262.683058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1706.274663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.497150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.064132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.416571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.977852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4071                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          783                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1885                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.993896                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 265435125                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                265435125                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     14079312                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         14079312                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1082901                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          1082901                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3099607                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3099607                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       995675                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             995675                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10763162                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          10763162                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        995675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      13862769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 14858444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       995675                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     13862769                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                14858444                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       492320                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              492320                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        87352                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            87352                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       834284                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          834284                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        87352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1326604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1413956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        87352                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1326604                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1413956                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     14079312                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     14079312                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1082901                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1082901                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3591927                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3591927                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1083027                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        1083027                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11597446                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      11597446                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1083027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15189373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16272400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1083027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15189373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16272400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.137063                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.137063                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.080655                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.080655                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071937                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.071937                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.080655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.086893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.080655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.086893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               873265                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    873265                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             921636                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               1610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              1610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       873265                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           540835                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            492320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           492320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        921636                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4242012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      4245232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4245232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        12880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    146382144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    146395024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               146395024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2829666                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 2829666    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2829666                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            629124991                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              55823                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        627600305                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           236720678                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             15145                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       233654118                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            865845669                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              70968                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        861254423                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits          3135244571                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              3458                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses      3135248029                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               3145012575                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          3144938149                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            3144938149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses    2929603837                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses        1044423                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls             2238875                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts    207793267                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts           2929603837                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts               1044423                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads   4359623536                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes   2478064645                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads       145802                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes       145851                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs             865987668                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts           629248816                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts          236738852                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles         3145012575                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                 223390239                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass     201593330      6.41%      6.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu        2073938304     65.94%     72.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult          1317837      0.04%     72.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     72.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd          896253      0.03%     72.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     72.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt           43002      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv           14329      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead        629447634     20.01%     92.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite       236744196      7.53%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess        1014232      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total         3145009117                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     32544800                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     16272400                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          251                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          72846                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        72846                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          12680473                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              1610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             1610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     14079312                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1082901                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1109936                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3591927                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3591927                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1083027                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     11597446                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3248955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     45571214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              48820169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    138619392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1873208720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             2011828112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1486784                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         34033194                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               33959846     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  73348      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           34033194                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.028349                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 28348899500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3898429677000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               82788914                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 82788868                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              693453674                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 728164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    40.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3384468391                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3384468391                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      1496320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     25652160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           27148480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1496320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1496320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     13478016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        13478016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        23380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       400815                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              424195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        210594                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             210594                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     52782296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    904873221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             957655517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     52782296                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         52782296                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       475433482                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            475433482                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       475433482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     52782296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    904873221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1433088999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       24                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     139985                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    33876     49.53%     49.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      98      0.14%     49.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                      29      0.04%     49.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                   34389     50.28%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                68392                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     33874     49.91%     49.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       98      0.14%     50.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                       29      0.04%     50.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    33874     49.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                 67875                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0              26111300000     92.11%     92.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 7329000      0.03%     92.13% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 1421000      0.01%     92.14% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31              2228777500      7.86%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total          28348827500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.999941                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.985024                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.992441                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      0.01%      0.01% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2      0.02%      0.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                      11372     99.58%     99.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          4      0.04%     99.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        25      0.22%     99.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      0.01%     99.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      0.01%     99.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         4      0.04%     99.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      0.01%     99.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      0.01%     99.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      0.01%     99.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         5      0.04%     99.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      0.01%     99.99% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::124                        1      0.01%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                  11420                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   139      0.12%      0.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.01%      0.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                 56423     49.05%     49.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6203      5.39%     54.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.00%     54.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.00%     54.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                    11842     10.29%     64.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                11436      9.94%     74.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        9      0.01%     74.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique               28974     25.19%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 115034                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel             11971                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user               11717                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  10                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel               11722                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                 11717                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     5                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.979200                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.989282                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        25132566000     88.65%     88.65% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           3196067500     11.27%     99.93% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle             20194000      0.07%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      139                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            694698                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            17387315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            695210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             25.010162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          36689494                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         36689494                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      9847425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         9847425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6923480                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6923480                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       262139                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       262139                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       269655                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       269655                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     16770905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         16770905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     16770905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        16770905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       453145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        453145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       232290                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       232290                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9264                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9264                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       685435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         685435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       685435                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        685435                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10300570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10300570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7155770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7155770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       271403                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       271403                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       269655                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       269655                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17456340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17456340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17456340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17456340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034134                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.034134                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       369534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            369534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            797250                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.996928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            64182661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            797761                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             80.453495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.996928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         114118254                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        114118254                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     55863243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        55863243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     55863243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         55863243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     55863243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        55863243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       797256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        797256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       797256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         797256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       797256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        797256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     56660499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     56660499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     56660499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     56660499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     56660499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     56660499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.014071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.014071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.014071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       797250                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            797250                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  13                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   122880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         17                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  623                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 623                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2439                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2439                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         3854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         3854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    6124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          162                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2826                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       122936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       122936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   125762                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1927                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1943                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                17343                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               17343                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                7                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1920                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1920                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                    436267                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3952.115766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2430130                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    440303                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      5.519222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1641.572184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   444.547143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1865.996439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.400774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.108532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.455566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.964872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4036                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          992                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2950                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.985352                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  24539370                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 24539370                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       369534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           369534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       797230                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           797230                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        43468                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 43468                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       773876                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             773876                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       250396                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            250396                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        773876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        293864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1067740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       773876                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       293864                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1067740                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       188821                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              188821                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23380                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            23380                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       212013                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          212013                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       400834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 424214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23380                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       400834                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                424214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       369534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       369534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       797230                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       797230                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       232289                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            232289                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       797256                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         797256                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       462409                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        462409                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       797256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       694698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1491954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       797256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       694698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1491954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.812871                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.812871                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.029326                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.029326                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.458497                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.458497                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.029326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.576990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.284335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.029326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.576990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.284335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               208674                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    208674                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             236016                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                519                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               519                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       210594                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           214932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            188818                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           188818                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        235400                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         5774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         5774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1272034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1274304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1280078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       123328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       123328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2826                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     40504640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     40507466                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                40630794                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            852809                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  852809    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              852809                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             10537953                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              23236                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          2396716                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             7437340                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1067                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   19                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses          546356                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             17975293                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              24303                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    31                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses          2943072                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             7312117                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               490                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         7312607                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 56697823                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            56636165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              56636165                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses      54869712                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses          94930                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls             1861005                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts      5695466                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts             54869712                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                 94930                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads     75760292                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes     41152829                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads        61419                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes        61354                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs              18034709                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts            10595837                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts            7438872                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       36829.489588                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       56660993.510412                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999350                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000650                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                   7992563                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass        644740      1.14%      1.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu          36644292     64.67%     65.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult            61626      0.11%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd           32915      0.06%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               1      0.00%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt           17480      0.03%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              1      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv            6071      0.01%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead         11126589     19.64%     85.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite         7447763     13.14%     98.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess         679021      1.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total           56660499                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2983903                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1491956                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           48                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          14073                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        14073                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                616                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1260281                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               519                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              519                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       369534                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       797230                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          325137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           232289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          232289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        797256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       462409                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2391742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2086339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4478081                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    102047104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     68113674                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              170160778                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          440127                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3425159                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.004139                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.064200                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                3410983     99.59%     99.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  14176      0.41%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3425159                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
