
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.290106                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                290106036500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3524390779500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1105695                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1105694                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              860016388                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 708240                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   337.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   372979674                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     372979674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         679552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data      100364352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         317056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data       91588480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         336320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data       82892032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         338304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data       91551744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          368067840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       679552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       317056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       336320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst       338304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1671232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18488384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18488384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           10618                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data         1568193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst            4954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data         1431070                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst            5255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data         1295188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst            5286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data         1430496                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             5751060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        288881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             288881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           2342426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         345957475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           1092897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data         315706909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst           1159300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data         285730118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst           1166139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data         315580279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1268735544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      2342426                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1092897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1159300                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1166139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          5760763                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        63729746                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             63729746                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        63729746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          2342426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        345957475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          1092897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data        315706909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst          1159300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data        285730118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst          1166139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data        315580279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1332465290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     5751060                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     288881                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   5751060                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   288881                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              367874688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  193152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                18487360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               368067840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             18488384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   3018                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         1095                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            332142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            392955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            325781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            319961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            322485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            434946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            390590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            413320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            347109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            385711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           375259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           327395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           328310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           325541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           387716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           338821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             13472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             25664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             12271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             56852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             12022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             17715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             17105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            11486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            11501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            51874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  290105965000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               5751060                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               288881                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 2594649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 2294847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  758964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   99582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  16642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  17982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  18047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  18067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  18061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  18039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  18040                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  18037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  18040                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  18030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  18070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  18070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  18041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  18012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  18054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  17952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5368255                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     71.971448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.714497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    37.431144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      4895443     91.19%     91.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       435375      8.11%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        20610      0.38%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8161      0.15%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3505      0.07%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2074      0.04%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1397      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          796      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          894      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5368255                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17944                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     320.331810                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    291.672393                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    141.053143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           454      2.53%      2.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255         6151     34.28%     36.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383         6624     36.91%     73.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511         2998     16.71%     90.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639         1171      6.53%     96.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767          374      2.08%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895          116      0.65%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           35      0.20%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151           17      0.09%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         17944                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17944                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.098139                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.092836                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.428736                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            16990     94.68%     94.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              194      1.08%     95.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              714      3.98%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               45      0.25%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         17944                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 173962401500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            281738189000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                28740210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     30264.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                49014.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1268.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        63.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1268.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     63.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     9.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.85                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   572248                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   96393                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  9.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                33.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48031.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    11.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              20697042240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              11293029000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             22870785600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1022304240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          18947928480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         196664865030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1547181750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           273043136340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            941.202307                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1489689750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    9687080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  278923612500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              19886837040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              10850952750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             21963567600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              849424320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          18947928480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         196599795255                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1604256750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           270702762195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            933.134864                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1587803250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    9687080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  278825917750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    12745284                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                   1453729                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                14027200                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3294949                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                    15597                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                3211652                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    16040233                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                   1469326                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                17238852                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                  103050241                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                       61                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses              103050302                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7048760153                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  102264078                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    102264078                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             74886853                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              22742731                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1518209                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      6283698                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    74886853                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     22742731                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          119099951                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          58061271                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            29184392                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           21798885                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     17837851                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   14526764                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3311087                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              108376611.441557                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6940383541.558443                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.984625                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.015375                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          8928384                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              8112632      7.82%      7.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 40171893     38.73%     46.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    4378      0.00%     46.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     46.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               15693016     15.13%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                 385715      0.37%     62.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                4725347      4.56%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                614906      0.59%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                  77423      0.07%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                15886502     15.31%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3311840      3.19%     85.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess              14749752     14.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 103733404                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      31                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                   1502973                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    1465     24.32%     24.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    297      4.93%     29.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     29      0.48%     29.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   4233     70.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                6024                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     1465     45.36%     45.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     297      9.20%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      29      0.90%     55.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    1439     44.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 3230                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            285742904000     98.50%     98.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              504181000      0.17%     98.67% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               29904500      0.01%     98.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             3818080000      1.32%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        290095069500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.339948                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.536189                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   53      0.16%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   54      0.16%      0.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 5312     15.97%     16.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    596      1.79%     18.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     386      1.16%     19.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  54      0.16%     19.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique              26805     80.59%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 33260                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              438                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                353                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                353                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  353                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.805936                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.892541                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      981833559500     77.76%     77.76% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        280749748500     22.24%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      54                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          2103741                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.219765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           14251441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2103741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.774332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     3234989619500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   511.219765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.998476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.900391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         34840839                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        34840839                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     10930370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10930370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3213849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3213849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data        57156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        57156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data        57822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        57822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14144219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14144219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14144219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14144219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      2084135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2084135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        22520                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        22520                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1206                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1206                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data          470                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          470                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      2106655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2106655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      2106655                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2106655                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 165483405500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 165483405500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    706652000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    706652000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     97292000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     97292000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3978500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      3978500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 166190057500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 166190057500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 166190057500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 166190057500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     13014505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13014505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3236369                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3236369                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        58362                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        58362                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data        58292                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        58292                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     16250874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16250874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     16250874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16250874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.160139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.160139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006958                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006958                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.020664                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.020664                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008063                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.008063                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.129633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.129633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.129633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.129633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79401.480950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79401.480950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31378.863233                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31378.863233                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80673.300166                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80673.300166                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8464.893617                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8464.893617                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78888.122403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78888.122403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78888.122403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78888.122403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       116243                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           116243                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2084135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2084135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        22520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1206                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1206                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          470                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          470                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2106655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2106655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2106655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2106655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          605                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          605                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 163399270500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 163399270500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    684132000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    684132000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     96086000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96086000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3508500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3508500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 164083402500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 164083402500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 164083402500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 164083402500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     38212500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     38212500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     99148000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     99148000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    137360500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    137360500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.160139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006958                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006958                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.020664                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020664                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008063                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008063                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.129633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.129633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.129633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.129633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78401.480950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78401.480950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30378.863233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30378.863233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79673.300166                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79673.300166                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7464.893617                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7464.893617                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77888.122403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77888.122403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77888.122403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77888.122403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227455.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227455.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 226883.295195                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226883.295195                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227042.148760                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227042.148760                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            17165                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          469.841586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          101218883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            17165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          5896.818118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   469.841586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.917659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.917659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        207484467                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       207484467                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst    103715745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      103715745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst    103715745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       103715745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst    103715745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      103715745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst        17659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        17659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst        17659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         17659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst        17659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        17659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1241257000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1241257000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1241257000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1241257000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1241257000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1241257000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst    103733404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    103733404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst    103733404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    103733404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst    103733404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    103733404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70290.333541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70290.333541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70290.333541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70290.333541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70290.333541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70290.333541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        17659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        17659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        17659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1223598000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1223598000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1223598000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1223598000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1223598000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1223598000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69290.333541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69290.333541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69290.333541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69290.333541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69290.333541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69290.333541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    11625224                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                   1345338                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                12840018                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    3015167                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                    14538                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                2954838                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                    14640391                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                   1359876                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                15794856                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                   94515170                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                       36                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses               94515206                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7048763909                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   93666770                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     93666770                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             68634725                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              20761233                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    1388485                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      5762231                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    68634725                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     20761233                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          108929118                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          53221698                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            26625332                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           19886418                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     16308223                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   13277992                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   3030231                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              706489466.126597                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              6342274442.873404                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.899771                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.100229                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          8183024                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              7458371      7.85%      7.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 36750944     38.67%     46.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    3041      0.00%     46.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     46.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd               14335305     15.09%     61.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                 355307      0.37%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                4318752      4.54%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                540259      0.57%     67.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                  71377      0.08%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                14511104     15.27%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                3030330      3.19%     85.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess              13651856     14.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  95026646                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      67                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                   1392777                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    1391     26.59%     26.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    297      5.68%     32.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     36      0.69%     32.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   3507     67.04%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                5231                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     1391     45.12%     45.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     297      9.63%     54.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      36      1.17%     55.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    1359     44.08%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 3083                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            287942545500     98.96%     98.96% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              476832500      0.16%     99.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               37603500      0.01%     99.13% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2525771000      0.87%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        290982752500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.387511                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.589371                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   29      0.09%      0.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   55      0.17%      0.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 4522     13.90%     14.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    599      1.84%     16.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     377      1.16%     17.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  42      0.13%     17.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique              26909     82.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 32533                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              337                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                309                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 95                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                335                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  309                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   26                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.994065                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.273684                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.904184                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        3227017500      0.67%      0.67% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        257499263000     53.49%     54.16% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        220683553500     45.84%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      55                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          1894635                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          495.559636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           13036188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1894635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.880580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     3245460347500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   495.559636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.967890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          487                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.951172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         31792904                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        31792904                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     10004734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10004734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      2949736                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2949736                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        47030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        47030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        47115                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        47115                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     12954470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        12954470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     12954470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       12954470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data      1880348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1880348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        17660                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        17660                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data          542                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          542                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data          440                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          440                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1898008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1898008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1898008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1898008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 151572204000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 151572204000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    569712000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    569712000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     30077000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     30077000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3973000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      3973000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        55000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        55000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data 152141916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 152141916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data 152141916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 152141916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     11885082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11885082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2967396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2967396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        47572                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        47572                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        47555                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        47555                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     14852478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14852478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     14852478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14852478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.158211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.158211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005951                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005951                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.011393                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011393                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.009252                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.009252                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.127791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.127791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.127791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.127791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80608.591601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80608.591601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32260.022650                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32260.022650                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55492.619926                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55492.619926                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9029.545455                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9029.545455                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80158.732735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80158.732735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80158.732735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80158.732735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        96990                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            96990                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1880348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1880348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        17660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          542                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          542                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          440                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          440                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1898008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1898008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1898008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1898008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data          361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data          361                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          361                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 149691856000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 149691856000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    552052000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    552052000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     29535000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29535000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3539000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3539000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        49000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        49000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 150243908000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 150243908000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 150243908000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 150243908000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     82013500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     82013500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     82013500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     82013500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.158211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005951                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005951                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.011393                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011393                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.009252                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009252                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.127791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.127791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79608.591601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79608.591601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 31260.022650                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31260.022650                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54492.619926                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54492.619926                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8043.181818                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8043.181818                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79158.732735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79158.732735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79158.732735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79158.732735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 227184.210526                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227184.210526                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 227184.210526                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227184.210526                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            10561                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          451.603494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           69616188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            10561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          6591.817820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   451.603494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.882038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.882038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          487                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.951172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        190064340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       190064340                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     95015598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       95015598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     95015598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        95015598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     95015598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       95015598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst        11048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        11048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst        11048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         11048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst        11048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        11048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    706435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    706435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    706435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    706435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    706435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    706435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     95026646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     95026646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     95026646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     95026646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     95026646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     95026646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 63942.342505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63942.342505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 63942.342505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63942.342505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 63942.342505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63942.342505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        11048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        11048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        11048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        11048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    695387000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    695387000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    695387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    695387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    695387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    695387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 62942.342505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62942.342505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 62942.342505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62942.342505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 62942.342505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62942.342505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    10505031                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                   1183117                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                11548904                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    2770948                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                    12962                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                2695602                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                    13275979                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                   1196079                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                14244506                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                   84684957                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                       77                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses               84685034                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7048781559                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   84054701                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     84054701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             61615440                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses              18701668                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    1270719                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      5163492                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    61615440                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                     18701668                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           97903851                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          47726817                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            23969361                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes           17906078                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     14718951                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   11934469                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   2784482                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1314767360.301353                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              5734014198.698647                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.813476                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.186524                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          7374229                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              6597814      7.74%      7.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 33118183     38.85%     46.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    2409      0.00%     46.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     46.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               12939325     15.18%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                 322762      0.38%     62.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                3903687      4.58%     66.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                456481      0.54%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                  65126      0.08%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                13045893     15.30%     82.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                2784555      3.27%     85.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess              12014545     14.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  85250780                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      89                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                   1229062                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    1463     27.57%     27.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    297      5.60%     33.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     39      0.73%     33.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   3508     66.10%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                5307                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     1463     45.28%     45.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     297      9.19%     54.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      39      1.21%     55.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    1432     44.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 3231                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            287180253500     98.99%     98.99% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22              450138500      0.16%     99.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30               41152000      0.01%     99.16% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2429281500      0.84%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        290100825500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.408210                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.608819                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      7.69%      7.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        5     38.46%     46.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        2     15.38%     61.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        5     38.46%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    13                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   23      0.07%      0.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   72      0.22%      0.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 4585     14.08%     14.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    601      1.85%     16.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     389      1.19%     17.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  50      0.15%     17.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              26853     82.44%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 32573                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              461                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                298                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                298                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  298                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.646421                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.785244                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       57759401500     19.91%     19.91% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        232341423000     80.09%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      72                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          1718750                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.058947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           11789602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1718750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.859405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     3234533468500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   505.058947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.986443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          487                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.951172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         28765001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        28765001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      9009595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9009595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2712663                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2712663                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        39052                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        39052                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        39192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        39192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     11722258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        11722258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     11722258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       11722258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data      1702122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1702122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data        18484                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        18484                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data          583                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          583                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data          428                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          428                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1720606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       1720606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1720606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      1720606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 137444942500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 137444942500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    644464500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    644464500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     29983000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     29983000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3929500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      3929500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        83500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        83500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 138089407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 138089407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 138089407000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 138089407000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     10711717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10711717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2731147                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2731147                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        39635                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        39635                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        39620                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        39620                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     13442864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13442864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     13442864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13442864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.158903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.158903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.006768                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006768                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.014709                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014709                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.010803                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.010803                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.127994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.127994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.127994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.127994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80749.172210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80749.172210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 34866.073361                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34866.073361                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 51428.816467                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51428.816467                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9181.074766                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9181.074766                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80256.262619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80256.262619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80256.262619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80256.262619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        89753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            89753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1702122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1702122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          583                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          583                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          428                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          428                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1720606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1720606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1720606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1720606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          356                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          356                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          356                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          356                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 135742820500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 135742820500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    625980500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    625980500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     29400000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29400000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3510500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3510500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        74500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        74500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 136368801000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 136368801000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 136368801000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 136368801000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     80845000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     80845000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     80845000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     80845000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.158903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.006768                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006768                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.014709                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014709                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.010803                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010803                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.127994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.127994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79749.172210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79749.172210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 33866.073361                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33866.073361                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 50428.816467                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50428.816467                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  8202.102804                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8202.102804                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79256.262619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79256.262619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79256.262619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79256.262619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 227092.696629                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227092.696629                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 227092.696629                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227092.696629                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            12184                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          494.334654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           83429900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            12184                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          6847.496717                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   494.334654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.965497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.965497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        170514251                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       170514251                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     85238092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       85238092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     85238092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        85238092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     85238092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       85238092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst        12689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        12689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst        12689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         12689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst        12689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        12689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    751083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    751083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    751083000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    751083000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    751083000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    751083000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     85250781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     85250781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     85250781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     85250781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     85250781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     85250781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 59191.662070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59191.662070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 59191.662070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59191.662070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 59191.662070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59191.662070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        12689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        12689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        12689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    738394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    738394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    738394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    738394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    738394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    738394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 58191.662070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58191.662070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 58191.662070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58191.662070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 58191.662070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58191.662070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                    11621875                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                   1318326                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                12812100                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    3023221                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                    14713                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                2964972                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                    14645096                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                   1333039                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                15777072                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                   93829260                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                       52                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses               93829312                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7048759465                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   92994125                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     92994125                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             68115066                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses              20752454                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                    1387679                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      5707194                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    68115066                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                     20752454                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          108384087                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          52776994                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads            26610847                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes           19876493                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     16249379                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   13210891                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   3038488                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              723762787.116574                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              6324996677.883427                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.897321                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.102679                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          8128265                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              7313048      7.75%      7.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 36537153     38.73%     46.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    2979      0.00%     46.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     46.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd               14325260     15.19%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                 355615      0.38%     62.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                4314356      4.57%     66.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                540182      0.57%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                  71310      0.08%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                14445140     15.31%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                3038566      3.22%     85.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess              13383555     14.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  94327164                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      65                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                   1365811                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    1402     26.82%     26.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    297      5.68%     32.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     41      0.78%     33.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   3487     66.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                5227                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     1402     44.96%     44.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     297      9.53%     54.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      41      1.31%     55.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    1378     44.19%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 3118                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            287919785500     98.95%     98.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22              479862500      0.16%     99.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               38515500      0.01%     99.13% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2542256500      0.87%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        290980420000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.395182                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.596518                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   30      0.09%      0.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   64      0.20%      0.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 4512     13.93%     14.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    598      1.85%     16.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     383      1.18%     17.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  45      0.14%     17.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique              26756     82.61%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 32388                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              447                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                317                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                317                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  317                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.709172                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.829843                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1005879505000     79.67%     79.67% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        256752008000     20.33%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      64                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          1892313                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.799992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           13012652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1892313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.876585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     3234613674500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   510.799992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.997656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          467                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.912109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         31725457                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        31725457                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data      9968005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9968005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      2956822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2956822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data        47709                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        47709                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data        47806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        47806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data     12924827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        12924827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data     12924827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       12924827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data      1876291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1876291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data        17946                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        17946                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data          560                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          560                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data          450                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          450                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data      1894237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       1894237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data      1894237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      1894237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data 151545362000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 151545362000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    585643500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    585643500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     29558000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     29558000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4333500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      4333500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        67000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        67000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data 152131005500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 152131005500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data 152131005500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 152131005500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data     11844296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11844296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      2974768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2974768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        48269                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        48269                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data        48256                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        48256                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data     14819064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14819064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data     14819064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14819064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.158413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.158413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.006033                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006033                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.011602                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011602                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.009325                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.009325                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.127824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.127824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.127824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.127824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 80768.581206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80768.581206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 32633.650953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32633.650953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52782.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52782.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data         9630                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         9630                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 80312.550911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80312.550911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 80312.550911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80312.550911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        99277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            99277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      1876291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1876291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        17946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          560                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          560                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          450                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          450                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      1894237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1894237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      1894237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1894237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data          362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data          362                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          362                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 149669071000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 149669071000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    567697500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    567697500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     28998000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28998000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3888500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3888500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        62000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        62000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 150236768500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 150236768500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 150236768500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 150236768500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     82156000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     82156000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     82156000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     82156000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.158413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.006033                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006033                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.011602                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011602                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.009325                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009325                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.127824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.127824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 79768.581206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79768.581206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 31633.650953                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31633.650953                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 51782.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51782.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  8641.111111                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8641.111111                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 79312.550911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79312.550911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 79312.550911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79312.550911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 226950.276243                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226950.276243                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 226950.276243                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226950.276243                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            10993                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          446.127724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           92247630                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            10993                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          8391.488220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   446.127724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.871343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.871343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          321                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        188665809                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       188665809                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     94315683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       94315683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     94315683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        94315683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     94315683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       94315683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst        11481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        11481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst        11481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         11481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst        11481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        11481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    734599500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    734599500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    734599500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    734599500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    734599500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    734599500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     94327164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     94327164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     94327164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     94327164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     94327164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     94327164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 63983.929971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63983.929971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 63983.929971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63983.929971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 63983.929971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63983.929971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        11481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        11481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        11481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        11481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    723118500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    723118500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    723118500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    723118500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    723118500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    723118500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 62983.929971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62983.929971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 62983.929971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62983.929971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 62983.929971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62983.929971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  168                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 168                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1516                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1516                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         3368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    3368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        11664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          225                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        11890                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    11890                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2916000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              282000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1852000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   5805594                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4089.007791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7231194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   5805594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.245556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              3235557601000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       40.715424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         7.888006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data      1244.952465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst         3.679530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       978.039719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst         4.376181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data       833.279698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst         3.715098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data       972.361670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.009940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.303943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.000898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.238779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.001068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.203437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.000907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.237393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4056                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          943                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2984                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 118438995                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                118438995                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           402263                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                402263                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              497                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               61                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               70                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data               63                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  691                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            120                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            118                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data            100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data            111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                449                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data             15903                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data             13023                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data             13324                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data             13620                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 55870                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           4554                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           3568                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           4856                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           3659                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              16637                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        511196                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        443344                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        404020                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data        441363                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1799923                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 4554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               527099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 3568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data               456367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 4856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data               417344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 3659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data               454983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1872430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                4554                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              527099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                3568                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data              456367                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                4856                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data              417344                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                3659                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data              454983                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1872430                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            682                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data             69                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data             76                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data             84                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                911                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data           53                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total              174                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            4434                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data            3657                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            4648                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data            3735                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               16474                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        13105                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         7480                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         7833                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         7822                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            36240                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data      1571664                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data      1434872                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data      1297578                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data      1434279                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5738393                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              13105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data            1576098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               7480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data            1438529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               7833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data            1302226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               7822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data            1438014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                5791107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             13105                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data           1576098                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              7480                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data           1438529                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              7833                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data           1302226                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              7822                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data           1438014                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               5791107                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1287500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       305500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       553000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       519500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2665500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       763000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       556500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       863000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       951000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      3133500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    455029500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    384063500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    454105500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    393251500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1686450000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1147164000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    639208000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    666109500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    665382000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   3117863500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 154974717500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 142220837500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 128954301000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data 142225478500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 568375334500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1147164000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 155429747000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    639208000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data 142604901000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    666109500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 129408406500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    665382000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data 142618730000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     573179648000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1147164000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 155429747000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    639208000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data 142604901000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    666109500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 129408406500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    665382000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data 142618730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    573179648000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       402263                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            402263                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1179                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          130                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          146                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data          147                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             1602                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          155                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          158                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          146                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data          164                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            623                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         20337                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         16680                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         17972                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         17355                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             72344                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        17659                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        11048                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        12689                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst        11481                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          52877                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2082860                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1878216                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1701598                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data      1875642                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       7538316                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst            17659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          2103197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst            11048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          1894896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst            12689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          1719570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst            11481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data          1892997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7663537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst           17659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         2103197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst           11048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         1894896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst           12689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         1719570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst           11481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data         1892997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7663537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.578456                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.530769                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.520548                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.571429                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.568664                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.225806                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.253165                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.315068                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.323171                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.279294                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.218026                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.219245                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.258625                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.215212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.227718                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.742115                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.677046                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.617306                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.681300                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.685364                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.754570                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.763955                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.762564                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.764687                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.761230                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.742115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.749382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.677046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.759160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.617306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.757297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.681300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.759649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.755670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.742115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.749382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.677046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.759160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.617306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.757297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.681300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.759649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.755670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  1887.829912                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  4427.536232                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  7276.315789                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6184.523810                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2925.905598                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        21800                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13912.500000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18760.869565                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17943.396226                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18008.620690                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102622.801083                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 105021.465682                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 97699.117900                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105288.219545                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102370.401845                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87536.360168                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 85455.614973                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85038.873995                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 85065.456405                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86033.761038                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98605.501876                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99117.438698                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 99380.770173                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 99161.654392                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99047.823058                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87536.360168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98616.803651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 85455.614973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99132.447799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85038.873995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 99374.767897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 85065.456405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 99177.567117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98975.834499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87536.360168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98616.803651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 85455.614973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99132.447799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85038.873995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 99374.767897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 85065.456405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 99177.567117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98975.834499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               288881                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    288881                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         2487                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         2526                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst         2578                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst         2536                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total         10127                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         7899                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         7459                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         7034                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data         7518                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total        29910                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            2526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            7459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst            2578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            7034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst            2536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            7518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               40037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           2487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           7899                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           2526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           7459                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           2578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           7034                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           2536                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           7518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              40037                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       852516                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        852516                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          682                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           69                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           76                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           84                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           911                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           53                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4434                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3657                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         4648                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         3735                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          16474                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        10618                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4954                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         5255                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         5286                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        26113                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1563765                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1427413                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1290544                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      1426761                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      5708483                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         10618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       1568199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          4954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       1431070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          5255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       1295192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          5286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       1430496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           5751070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        10618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1568199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1431070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         5255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1295192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         5286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      1430496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          5751070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data          361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          356                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data          362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          605                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data          361                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          356                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data          362                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1684                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     14106499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1424000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1564000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1731500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18825999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       718000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       829500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       955500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1099000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3602000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    410689500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    347493500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    407625500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    355901500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1521710000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    841888000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    384951500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    405690000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    411813500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2044343000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 138734911500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 127365411500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 115507955500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 127378943000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 508987221500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    841888000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 139145601000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    384951500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 127712905000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    405690000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 115915581000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    411813500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 127734844500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 512553274500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    841888000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 139145601000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    384951500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 127712905000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    405690000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 115915581000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    411813500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 127734844500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 512553274500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     36112000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     36112000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     93993000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     77701000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     76604000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     77870500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    326168500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    130105000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     77701000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     76604000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     77870500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    362280500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.578456                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.530769                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.520548                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.568664                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.225806                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.253165                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.315068                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.323171                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.279294                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.218026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.219245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.258625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.215212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.601280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.448407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.414138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.460413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.493844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.750778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.759983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.758431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.760679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.757262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.601280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.745626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.448407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.755224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.414138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.753207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.460413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.755678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.750446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.601280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.745626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.448407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.755224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.414138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.753207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.460413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.755678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.750446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20684.016129                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20637.681159                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20578.947368                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20613.095238                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20665.201976                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20514.285714                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20737.500000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20771.739130                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20735.849057                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20701.149425                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92622.801083                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 95021.465682                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 87699.117900                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 95288.219545                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92370.401845                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79288.754944                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 77705.187727                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77200.761180                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 77906.451003                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78288.323823                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88718.516849                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89228.143151                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89503.306745                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 89278.402620                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89163.306872                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79288.754944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88729.556007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 77705.187727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89242.947585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77200.761180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89496.832130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 77906.451003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 89294.094146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89123.115264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79288.754944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88729.556007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 77705.187727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89242.947585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77200.761180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89496.832130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 77906.451003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 89294.094146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89123.115264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214952.380952                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214952.380952                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215086.956522                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215238.227147                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 215179.775281                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 215111.878453                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 215150.725594                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215049.586777                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215238.227147                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 215179.775281                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 215111.878453                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 215130.938242                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            5734764                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               1516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              1516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            288881                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5388413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             3217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1095                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             16494                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            16464                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       5734596                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     17185075                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     17188443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               17188443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        11890                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    386556224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    386568114                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               386568114                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             3471                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          11434604                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                11434604    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            11434604                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             3335992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy         12625133983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        32243760748                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization             11.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                168                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           7598832                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              1516                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             1516                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           691144                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        11518147                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3898                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1768                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           5666                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           20                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           20                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            72712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           72712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         52877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7545787                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        41356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5978908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        24578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5385539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        29356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4883467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        25132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5381553                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              21749889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1130176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    142047418                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       707072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    127483592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       812096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    115799520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       734784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    127508432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              516223090                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         5816894                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         21144682                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            7.274565                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.446295                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7               15339088     72.54%     72.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                5805594     27.46%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           21144682                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         8072567994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          27750396                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3167759145                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy          17835689                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy        2854466655                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy          20328048                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy        2588477407                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          18495657                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy        2849280306                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.635037                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                635036851000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4159427630500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2598899                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2598899                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3053502942                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 721520                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   207.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   540492777                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     540492777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         304128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         673152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          94208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data          63424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         611008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data      294212352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         156288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data         211520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          296326080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       304128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        94208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       611008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst       156288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1165632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     73842304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        73842304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            4752                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           10518                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst            1472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data             991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst            9547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data         4597068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst            2442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data            3305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             4630095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1153786                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1153786                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            478914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data           1060020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst            148350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data             99875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst            962161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data         463299652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst            246109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data            333083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             466628164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       478914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       148350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       962161                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst       246109                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1835534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       116280345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            116280345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       116280345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           478914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data          1060020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst           148350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data            99875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst           962161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data        463299652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst           246109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data           333083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            582908509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     4630095                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1153786                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   4630095                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1153786                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              295758144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  567936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                73320640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               296326080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             73842304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   8874                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  8136                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         3228                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            278011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            276569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            274882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            274628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            274194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            316010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            316152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            323231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            280049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            277283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           313025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           289137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           281934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           283935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           279369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           282812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             71164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             70147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             70104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             70498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             70015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             71645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             71608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             74460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             70629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             71292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            72658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            73391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            72129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            72809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            70871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            72215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         1                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  635036909000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               4630095                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1153786                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 4615362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    5282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  15677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  17449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  69151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  69683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  69546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  69490                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  69477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  69461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  69481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  69485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  69523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  69574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  69585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  69671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  69543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  69519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  69505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  69514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      4352969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     84.787680                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.110697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    59.979674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      3548499     81.52%     81.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       669329     15.38%     96.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       113614      2.61%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10591      0.24%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3593      0.08%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1642      0.04%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          844      0.02%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          545      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4312      0.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      4352969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        69489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      66.502799                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     26.443569                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1757.101446                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191        69426     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383           18      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-32767           20      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32768-40959            9      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::49152-57343            3      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::90112-98303            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::106496-114687            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::114688-122879            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::122880-131071            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::131072-139263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::147456-155647            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::172032-180223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::180224-188415            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         69489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        69489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.486566                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.464760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.878103                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            51992     74.82%     74.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1760      2.53%     77.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            15279     21.99%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              435      0.63%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                5      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                3      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::27                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::63                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         69489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  94857234500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            181505128250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                23106105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     20526.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                39276.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       465.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       115.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    466.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    116.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      27.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1348161                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   65728                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 29.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 5.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     109794.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    24.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              37352485800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              20380820625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             41073591000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4713649200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          60425573520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         614787709815                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy          15796011000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           794529840960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            858.822007                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21338476000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   21205340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  592495058750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              36139884480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              19719183000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             39806387400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4581807120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          60425573520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         614236957290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy          16279127250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           791188920060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            855.210744                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  22048256750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   21205340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  591784747250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                      389494                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       371                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   34062                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                     256784                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      106                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           5                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      646278                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                       477                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            5                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                   49578                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     311421                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      152                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 311573                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1270095108                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1806858                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      1806858                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              1733405                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3752                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      74685                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       140678                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     1733405                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3752                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            2387740                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           1314994                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                2433                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2420                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       648064                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     390349                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    257715                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1261638779.476270                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              8456328.523730                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.006658                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.993342                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           243976                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                16233      0.90%      0.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  1061729     58.75%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    5609      0.31%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1176      0.07%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                    227      0.01%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  401981     22.24%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 259086     14.34%     96.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                 61299      3.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   1807340                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     651                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     14113                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    3020     24.96%     24.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      3      0.02%     24.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    651      5.38%     30.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     30.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   8423     69.62%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               12098                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     3018     45.11%     45.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       3      0.04%     45.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     651      9.73%     54.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     54.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    3017     45.10%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 6690                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            632814005000     99.65%     99.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3436500      0.00%     99.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              301379500      0.05%     99.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1219500      0.00%     99.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1925692500      0.30%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        635045733000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999338                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.358186                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.552984                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   55      0.43%      0.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                10689     83.35%     83.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1305     10.18%     93.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.01%     93.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     754      5.88%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      0.12%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 12824                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              808                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.118812                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.213260                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      634693869000     99.94%     99.94% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           382680000      0.06%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      55                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            14557                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          481.871590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             640373                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            15069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            42.496051                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   481.871590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.941155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.941155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1306913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1306913                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       375998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         375998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       242332                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        242332                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data         5263                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5263                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data         5232                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         5232                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       618330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          618330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       618330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         618330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         8081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         8339                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8339                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          258                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          258                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data          157                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          157                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        16420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         16420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        16420                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        16420                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    377150000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    377150000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    545039000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    545039000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13862500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     13862500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4117000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      4117000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    922189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    922189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    922189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    922189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       384079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       384079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       250671                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       250671                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         5521                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         5521                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data         5389                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         5389                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       634750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       634750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       634750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       634750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033267                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033267                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046731                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.046731                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029133                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.029133                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46671.204059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46671.204059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65360.235040                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65360.235040                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53730.620155                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53730.620155                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26222.929936                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26222.929936                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56162.545676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56162.545676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56162.545676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56162.545676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             9128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          258                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          258                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          157                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        16420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        16420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         1168                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1168                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    369069000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    369069000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    536700000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    536700000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13604500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13604500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3960000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3960000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    905769000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    905769000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    905769000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    905769000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     85967500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     85967500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    181489500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    181489500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    267457000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    267457000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033267                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033267                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046731                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046731                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029133                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029133                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45671.204059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45671.204059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64360.235040                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64360.235040                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52730.620155                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52730.620155                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 25222.929936                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25222.929936                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55162.545676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55162.545676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55162.545676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55162.545676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227427.248677                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227427.248677                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 229733.544304                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 229733.544304                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 228987.157534                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 228987.157534                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             9749                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          498.606129                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            4294434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            10261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           418.520027                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     4157930313500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   498.606129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.973840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3624451                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         3624451                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1797572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1797572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1797572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1797572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1797572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1797572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         9769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         9769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          9769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         9769                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         9769                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    592714500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    592714500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    592714500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    592714500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    592714500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    592714500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1807341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1807341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1807341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1807341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1807341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1807341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60672.996213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60672.996213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60672.996213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60672.996213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60672.996213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60672.996213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         9769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         9769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         9769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    582945500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    582945500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    582945500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    582945500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    582945500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    582945500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59672.996213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59672.996213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59672.996213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59672.996213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59672.996213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59672.996213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                      220077                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     120377                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                      340454                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     134835                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 134835                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      1269602206                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    1005037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      1005037                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               962190                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   134                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      41454                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        71983                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      962190                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          134                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            1318210                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            761629                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                 68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                       341122                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     220087                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    121035                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1265586666.263108                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              4015539.736892                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.003163                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.996837                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           134126                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                 6187      0.62%      0.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                   604014     60.10%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    3886      0.39%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      4      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  224120     22.30%     83.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 121038     12.04%     95.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                 45788      4.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   1005037                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     652                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     11279                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    2598     26.05%     26.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    651      6.53%     32.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     32.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   6725     67.42%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                9975                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     2598     44.43%     44.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     651     11.13%     55.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.02%     55.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    2597     44.42%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 5847                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            633274998500     99.76%     99.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              298232500      0.05%     99.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1621000      0.00%     99.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1226361000      0.19%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        634801213000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.386171                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.586165                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                    2      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 8671     81.59%     81.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1302     12.25%     93.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     652      6.14%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 10627                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                653                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.001531                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.003058                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          12749000      0.00%      0.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0      0.00%      0.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        519581285000    100.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       2                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2438                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          478.252378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             336922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2835                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           118.843739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   478.252378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.934087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.934087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.775391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           683936                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          683936                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data       214023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         214023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       117286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        117286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data         1957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data         1864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data       331309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          331309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data       331309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         331309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data         4090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data          472                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          472                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data          107                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          107                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data         4562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          4562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data         4562                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         4562                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    207474500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    207474500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     25616500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25616500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       614000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       614000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3155000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      3155000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        14500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        14500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    233091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    233091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    233091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    233091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data       218113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       218113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       117758                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       117758                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1974                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1974                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1971                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1971                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data       335871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       335871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data       335871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       335871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004008                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004008                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.008612                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008612                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.054287                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.054287                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.013583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.013583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 50727.261614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50727.261614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54272.245763                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54272.245763                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36117.647059                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36117.647059                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 29485.981308                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29485.981308                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51094.037703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51094.037703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51094.037703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51094.037703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           49                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               49                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          107                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          107                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data          652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data          652                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          652                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    203384500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    203384500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     25144500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25144500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       597000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       597000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3049000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3049000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        13500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        13500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    228529000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228529000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    228529000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228529000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    148892000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    148892000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    148892000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    148892000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004008                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004008                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.008612                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008612                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.054287                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054287                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.013583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.013583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 49727.261614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49727.261614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53272.245763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53272.245763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35117.647059                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35117.647059                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28495.327103                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28495.327103                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 50094.037703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50094.037703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 50094.037703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50094.037703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 228361.963190                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 228361.963190                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 228361.963190                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 228361.963190                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             4380                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          492.403415                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           26400060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4874                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          5416.508002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   492.403415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.961725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2014461                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         2014461                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      1000650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1000650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      1000650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         1000650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      1000650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        1000650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         4387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         4387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          4387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         4387                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         4387                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    286317000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    286317000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    286317000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    286317000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    286317000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    286317000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      1005037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1005037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      1005037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      1005037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      1005037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      1005037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65264.873490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65264.873490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65264.873490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65264.873490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65264.873490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65264.873490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    281930000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    281930000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    281930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    281930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    281930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    281930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 64264.873490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64264.873490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 64264.873490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64264.873490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 64264.873490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64264.873490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    24771922                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                   3035905                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                26932993                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                   11325338                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                    37059                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          12                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses               10906393                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                    36097260                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                   3072964                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           12                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                37839386                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                  162022806                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      321                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses              162023127                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                      1269583482                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  163575574                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    163575574                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            139735916                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses               8401087                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    3808906                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     17977357                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   139735916                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                      8401087                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          178650032                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         104493681                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            10800612                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes            8400542                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     39633565                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   28270374                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  11363191                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3602582.948757                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1265980899.051243                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.997162                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.002838                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         23791712                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass             12921875      7.75%      7.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 72354458     43.42%     51.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   20411      0.01%     51.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     51.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                6400153      3.84%     55.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      2      0.00%     55.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                2000004      1.20%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     2      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                     15      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                30758377     18.46%     74.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               11363502      6.82%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess              30829751     18.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 166648550                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                   3096991                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    8486     38.10%     38.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      1      0.00%     38.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    651      2.92%     41.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     41.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  13135     58.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               22274                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     8486     48.15%     48.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       1      0.01%     48.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     651      3.69%     51.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     51.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    8485     48.14%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                17624                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            626484322000     98.69%     98.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                2592000      0.00%     98.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22              932967000      0.15%     98.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2069000      0.00%     98.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             7375027000      1.16%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        634796977000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.645984                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.791236                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      9.09%      9.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      9.09%     18.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         5     45.45%     63.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      9.09%     72.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      9.09%     81.82% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      9.09%     90.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        1      9.09%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    11                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   43      0.19%      0.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.01%      0.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                20925     90.82%     91.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   1307      5.67%     96.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     96.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     696      3.02%     99.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  20      0.09%     99.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.02%     99.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 41      0.18%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 23041                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              740                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                685                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                686                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  685                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.927027                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.962105                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       11623259500      1.84%      1.84% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        621586411500     98.16%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      43                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          5577008                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.886420                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           30993384                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5577463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.556896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   511.886420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.999778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.888672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         78695600                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        78695600                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data     18720511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       18720511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data     10097330                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      10097330                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data       987989                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       987989                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data      1175561                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1175561                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     28817841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        28817841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     28817841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       28817841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data      5338179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5338179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data        51663                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51663                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data       187780                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       187780                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      5389842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       5389842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      5389842                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      5389842                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 415295040000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 415295040000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3609664500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3609664500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  15660781000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total  15660781000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1926000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1926000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 418904704500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 418904704500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 418904704500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 418904704500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     24058690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24058690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data     10148993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10148993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1175769                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1175769                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1175731                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1175731                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     34207683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     34207683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     34207683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     34207683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.221882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.221882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.159708                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.159708                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000145                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.157562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.157562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.157562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.157562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77797.136439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77797.136439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69869.432669                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69869.432669                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 83399.621898                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83399.621898                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11329.411765                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11329.411765                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77721.147392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77721.147392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77721.147392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77721.147392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1172675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          1172675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      5338179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5338179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        51663                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51663                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       187780                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       187780                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      5389842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      5389842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      5389842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      5389842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          683                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          683                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 409956861000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 409956861000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3558001500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3558001500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  15473001000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15473001000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1756000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1756000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 413514862500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 413514862500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 413514862500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 413514862500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      1640000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1640000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    151112500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    151112500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    152752500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    152752500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.221882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005090                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005090                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.159708                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159708                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000145                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.157562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.157562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.157562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.157562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76797.136439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76797.136439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68869.432669                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68869.432669                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82399.621898                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82399.621898                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10329.411765                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10329.411765                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76721.147392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76721.147392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76721.147392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76721.147392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data       164000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       164000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 224535.661218                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 224535.661218                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 223649.341142                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 223649.341142                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            14045                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.464652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          168442684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            14557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         11571.249845                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     3863915572500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   511.464652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.998954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        333311155                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       333311155                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst    166634492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      166634492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst    166634492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       166634492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst    166634492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      166634492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst        14057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        14057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst        14057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         14057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst        14057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        14057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    898128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    898128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    898128000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    898128000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    898128000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    898128000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst    166648549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    166648549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst    166648549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    166648549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst    166648549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    166648549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63891.868820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63891.868820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63891.868820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63891.868820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63891.868820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63891.868820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        14057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        14057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        14057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        14057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    884071000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    884071000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    884071000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    884071000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    884071000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    884071000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 62891.868820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62891.868820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 62891.868820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62891.868820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 62891.868820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62891.868820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                      242601                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       327                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                    1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                     135414                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       38                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                    875                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                      378015                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                       365                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                    2701                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                     158258                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      125                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                 158383                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                      1269606786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    1125634                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      1125634                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              1077612                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   430                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      43539                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        85474                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     1077612                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          430                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            1469387                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            847766                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 219                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                223                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       379791                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     243496                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    136295                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              1264919259.904572                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              4687526.095427                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003692                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996308                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           150524                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                 8960      0.80%      0.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   675881     60.02%     60.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    3874      0.34%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                     28      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  248669     22.08%     83.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 136310     12.11%     95.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                 52295      4.64%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   1126020                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     653                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     12098                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    2725     26.70%     26.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    651      6.38%     33.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.03%     33.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   6828     66.90%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               10207                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     2725     44.65%     44.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     651     10.67%     55.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.05%     55.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    2724     44.63%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 6103                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            633224379500     99.75%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22              298367500      0.05%     99.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                4248500      0.00%     99.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1276618000      0.20%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        634803613500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.398946                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.597923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   60      0.55%      0.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.05%      0.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 8834     80.79%     81.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   1303     11.92%     93.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     720      6.58%     99.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.08%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 10934                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              780                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.085897                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.158205                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      633370975500     99.99%     99.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            38542500      0.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      60                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             5245                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          470.178447                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             377815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.775362                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   470.178447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.918317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.918317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.806641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           763104                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          763104                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data       234851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         234851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data       130717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        130717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data         2479                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2479                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data         2392                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2392                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data       365568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          365568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data       365568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         365568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data         5762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         1616                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1616                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data          146                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          146                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data         7378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          7378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data         7378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         7378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    277392500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    277392500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     93155000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     93155000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3403000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      3403000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3951000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      3951000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data         5500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total         5500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    370547500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    370547500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    370547500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    370547500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data       240613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       240613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data       132333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       132333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         2544                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2544                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data         2538                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2538                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data       372946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       372946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data       372946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       372946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.023947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.012212                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012212                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.025550                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.025550                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.057526                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.057526                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.019783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.019783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 48141.704269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48141.704269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 57645.420792                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57645.420792                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52353.846154                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52353.846154                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 27061.643836                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27061.643836                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 50223.298997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50223.298997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 50223.298997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50223.298997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         5762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          146                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         7378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         7378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data          654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data          654                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          654                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    271630500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    271630500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     91539000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91539000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3338000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3338000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3806000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3806000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    363169500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    363169500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    363169500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    363169500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    148034500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    148034500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    148034500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    148034500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.023947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.012212                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012212                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.025550                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025550                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.057526                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057526                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.019783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.019783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 47141.704269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47141.704269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 56645.420792                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56645.420792                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 51353.846154                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51353.846154                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 26068.493151                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26068.493151                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 49223.298997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49223.298997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 49223.298997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49223.298997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 226352.446483                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226352.446483                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 226352.446483                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226352.446483                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             5575                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.612458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            3188478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           524.162091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   493.612458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.964087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          451                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2257635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses         2257635                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst      1120425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1120425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst      1120425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total         1120425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst      1120425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total        1120425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         5595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         5595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          5595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         5595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         5595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    327165500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    327165500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    327165500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    327165500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    327165500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    327165500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst      1126020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1126020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst      1126020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total      1126020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst      1126020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total      1126020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 58474.620197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58474.620197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 58474.620197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58474.620197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 58474.620197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58474.620197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         5595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         5595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         5595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    321570500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    321570500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    321570500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    321570500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    321570500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    321570500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 57474.620197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57474.620197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 57474.620197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57474.620197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 57474.620197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57474.620197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   9                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    73728                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          9                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  391                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 391                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3921                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3921                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         6314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         2310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         2310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    8624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           33                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          501                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        21521                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        73752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        73752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    95273                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              5236000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy               39000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy             6004739                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             3545000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy             1158000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1139                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                7.444310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         3863964556000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     7.444310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.465269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.465269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                10395                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               10395                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                3                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       368999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       368999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide    136314740                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total    136314740                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       368999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total       368999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       368999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total       368999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122999.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122999.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118328.767361                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118328.767361                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122999.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122999.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122999.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122999.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1136                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1136                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       218999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       218999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     78714740                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78714740                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       218999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       218999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       218999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       218999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72999.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72999.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68328.767361                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68328.767361                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72999.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72999.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 72999.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72999.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   4630571                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4091.130376                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     6332056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4634499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.366287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       50.697255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         3.975389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         4.329278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst         1.129723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data         2.033225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst        10.191273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data      4013.839175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst         2.109167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data         2.825890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.012377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.001057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.000276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.000496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.002488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.979941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.000515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.000690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3928                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          833                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2914                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.958984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  92510970                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 92510970                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1183390                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1183390                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               94                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              109                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  207                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data            106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                115                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               662                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data              4367                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data               207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  5253                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           3611                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           1364                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           4452                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           2153                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              11580                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          3194                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data           508                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        973893                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data          1548                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            979143                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 3611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 3856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 1364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                  525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 4452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data               978260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 2153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                 1755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   995976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                3611                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                3856                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                1364                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                 525                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                4452                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data              978260                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                2153                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                1755                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  995976                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            945                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            273                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            144                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            372                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total               1734                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          117                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           93                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total              333                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            6447                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             173                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           46882                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             926                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               54428                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         6157                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         3023                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         9605                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         3442                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            22227                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         4173                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2116                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data      4550266                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data         2826                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4559381                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               6157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              10620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               3023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data               2289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               9605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data            4597148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               3442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data               3752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                4636036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              6157                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             10620                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              3023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data              2289                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              9605                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data           4597148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              3442                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data              3752                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4636036                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2728000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3843000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        30500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      6601500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2684000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       183000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2867000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    486109000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     15838000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3428842500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     74495500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4005285000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    529452000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    260045000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    816097000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    289905000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1895499000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    334183000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    188041000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 406911812000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    247194000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 407681230000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    529452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    820292000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    260045000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    203879000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    816097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 410340654500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    289905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    321689500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     413582014000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    529452000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    820292000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    260045000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    203879000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    816097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 410340654500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    289905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    321689500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    413582014000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1183390                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1183390                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1039                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          274                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          253                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data          375                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             1941                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          120                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           94                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          116                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data          118                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            448                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          7109                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           190                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         51249                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          1133                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             59681                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         9768                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         4387                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        14057                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         5595                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          33807                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         7367                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         2624                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data      5524159                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         4374                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       5538524                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             9768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            14476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             4387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data             2814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst            14057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          5575408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             5595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data             5507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              5632012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            9768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           14476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            4387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data            2814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst           14057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         5575408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            5595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data            5507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             5632012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.909528                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.996350                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.569170                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.992000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.893354                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.975000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.989362                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.086207                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.957627                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.743304                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.906879                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.910526                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.914789                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.817299                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.911982                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.630324                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.689081                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.683289                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.615192                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.657467                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.566445                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.806402                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.823703                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.646091                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.823212                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.630324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.733628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.689081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.813433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.683289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.824540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.615192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.681315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.823158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.630324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.733628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.689081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.813433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.683289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.824540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.615192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.681315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.823158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  2886.772487                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 26687.500000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data    81.989247                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3807.093426                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22940.170940                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        18300                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8609.609610                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75400.806577                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 91549.132948                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 73137.718101                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 80448.704104                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73588.685970                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85991.879162                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86022.163414                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 84965.851119                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 84225.740848                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85279.119989                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80082.195064                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 88866.257089                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89425.939495                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 87471.337580                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89415.916327                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85991.879162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77240.301318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86022.163414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89069.025775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 84965.851119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89259.831204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 84225.740848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 85738.139659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89210.267996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85991.879162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77240.301318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86022.163414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89069.025775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 84965.851119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89259.831204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 84225.740848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 85738.139659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89210.267996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1152650                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1152650                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         1405                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         1551                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           58                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst         1000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total          4014                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           99                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1298                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           75                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          446                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total         1918                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            1551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            1298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              58                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              75                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst            1000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                5932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           1405                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             99                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           1551                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           1298                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             58                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             75                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           1000                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            446                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               5932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         8517                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          8517                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          945                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          273                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          144                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          372                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          1734                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          117                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           93                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          333                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6447                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          173                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        46882                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          926                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          54428                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4752                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1472                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         9547                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         2442                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        18213                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4074                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          818                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      4550191                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         2380                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      4557463                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          4752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         10521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          1472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          9547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       4597073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          2442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          3306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           4630104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         9547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      4597073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         2442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         3306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          4630104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data          652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data          654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         1168                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data          652                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          683                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data          654                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         3157                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19602499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5658500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2952500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      7764500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35977999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2465500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1931000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       205500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2363000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6965000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    421639000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     14108000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2960022500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     65235500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3461005000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    362835500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    116664000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    716529500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    192978000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1389007000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    285429500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     62502500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 361404700500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    187129000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 361939761500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    362835500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    707068500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    116664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     76610500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    716529500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 364364723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    192978000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    252364500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 366789773500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    362835500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    707068500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    116664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     76610500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    716529500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 364364723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    192978000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    252364500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 366789773500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     81242500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      1515000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     82757500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    171110000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    140745500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    143371000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    140510000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    595736500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    252352500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    140745500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    144886000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    140510000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    678494000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.909528                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.996350                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.569170                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.992000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.893354                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.989362                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.086207                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.957627                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.743304                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.906879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.910526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.914789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.817299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.486486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.335537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.679163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.436461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.538735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.553007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.311738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.823689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.544124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.822866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.486486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.726789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.335537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.352168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.679163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.824527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.436461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.600327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.822105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.486486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.726789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.335537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.352168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.679163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.824527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.436461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.600327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.822105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20743.385185                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20727.106227                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20503.472222                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20872.311828                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20748.557670                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21072.649573                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20763.440860                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        20550                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20911.504425                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20915.915916                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65400.806577                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81549.132948                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 63137.718101                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 70448.704104                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63588.685970                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76354.271886                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 79255.434783                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 75052.843825                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 79024.570025                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76264.591226                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70061.242023                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76408.924205                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79426.270348                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 78625.630252                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79416.939095                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76354.271886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67205.446250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 79255.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77306.256307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 75052.843825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79260.155973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 79024.570025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 76335.299456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79218.474034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76354.271886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67205.446250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 79255.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77306.256307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 75052.843825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79260.155973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 79024.570025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 76335.299456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79218.474034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214927.248677                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data       151500                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 213292.525773                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 216594.936709                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215867.331288                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 213032.689450                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 214847.094801                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 215144.998194                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 216055.222603                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215867.331288                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 212131.771596                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 214847.094801                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214917.326576                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            4576067                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               2769                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              2769                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           1153786                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          3421033                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1947                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2076                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             54430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            54419                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       4575679                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         3443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         6314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     13838370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     13844684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               13848127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        72704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        72704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        21521                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    370095680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    370117201                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               370189905                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              348                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           9211651                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 9211651    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             9211651                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             6290481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy         13824432413                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2031135                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        25638613043                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                388                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5578428                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              2769                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             2769                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          2337177                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         7637660                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2145                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           578                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2723                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            59945                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           59945                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         33808                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      5544235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        23561                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        47847                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         9302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         9550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        36526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16467796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        17772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              16624551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       625152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1516451                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       280768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       188448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       899648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    431882590                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       358080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       456112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              436207249                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         4639175                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         15909730                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            7.291197                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.454314                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7               11276864     70.88%     70.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                4632866     29.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           15909730                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         6823206999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          15356512                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          24843335                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           7367416                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           7626673                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy          21117910                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy        8366533381                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy           8893292                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy          11395454                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
