
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354544000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2269421105000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              193590221                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                193583696                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              508740843                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1281440                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   134905117                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     134905117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       113408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        40384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        11136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        31296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        98624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       246592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            541440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       113408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        11136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        98624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       223168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       113920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         113920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         3853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               8460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    319870030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    113904057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     31409360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     88271131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst    278171398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    695518751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1527144727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    319870030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     31409360                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst    278171398                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       629450787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      321314139                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           321314139                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      321314139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    319870030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    113904057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     31409360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     88271131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst    278171398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    695518751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1848458865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       123200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        35904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       325184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            489664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       425088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         425088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         5081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               7651                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks         6642                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              6642                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     11191841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    347488605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       541541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    101268108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3429758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    917189404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           1381109256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     11191841                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       541541                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3429758                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        15163139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     1198971073                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          1198971073                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     1198971073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     11191841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    347488605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       541541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    101268108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      3429758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    917189404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          2580080329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138980500     91.90%     91.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.01% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12077000      7.99%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151222000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61980000     75.51%     75.51% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.49%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5005                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          501.343155                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              65745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5005                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.135864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    26.746091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   474.597064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.052238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.926947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130029                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130029                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25623                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25623                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          515                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          515                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2224                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2224                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           33                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5039                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5039                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.084206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.079865                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079865                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.158497                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.158497                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.054010                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.054010                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3135                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3135                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2502                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             368342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           147.219025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    32.772275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   479.227725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.064008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.935992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           334764                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          334764                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2502                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.015060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.015060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.015060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       794                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               350265500     98.37%     98.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           356051500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.45%      5.45% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.75%      6.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1017912000     93.80%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2047                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          456.763005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              46119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2047                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            22.530044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    85.434304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   371.328701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.166864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.725251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.892115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78575                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78575                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          440                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          440                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          431                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          431                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        35003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           35003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        35003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          35003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           45                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.063598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.053759                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.053759                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.077568                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.077568                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.094538                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.094538                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1245                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             100552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            80.764659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   196.415364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   315.584636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.383624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.616376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           272977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          272977                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               355788000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           355952500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          283.040441                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   281.891217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.149224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.550569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.552813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.537109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               549725000     98.31%     98.31% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.33% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.67%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           559158000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         508633000     87.07%     87.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     12.93%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12583                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          491.165300                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             158872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.625924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.862204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   319.303096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.335668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.623639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.959307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355277                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355277                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        76107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          76107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79957                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79957                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       156064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          156064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       156064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         156064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6917                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6917                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          131                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          131                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          101                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          101                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.070256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.079621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.101708                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101708                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.078783                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.078783                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4278                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.998515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             245386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            57.359981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.263315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.735200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.400905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.599092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           906494                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          906494                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         446827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          446827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         446827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4278                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4278                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         15178                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7647                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1538                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1538                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               5414                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3135                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2502                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1870                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              107                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             33                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             140                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2117                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2117                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2502                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2912                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  22853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       320256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       522512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                  842768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            37108                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             52206                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.029460                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.169094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   50668     97.05%     97.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    1538      2.95%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               52206                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests          6855                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3419                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           21                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3192                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3182                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp               2795                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          757                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1239                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               82                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             45                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             127                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq               641                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp              641                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           1245                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1550                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  10403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       158976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       188696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                  347672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            44691                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             51429                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.063077                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.243903                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   48195     93.71%     93.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    3224      6.27%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      10      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               51429                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests            10                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            6                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1827                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1827                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                  1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                     21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                     328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                            45394                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples             45098                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.040512                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.197158                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                   43271     95.95%     95.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                    1827      4.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total               45098                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34041                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17089                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            6720                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6704                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              10162                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4273                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4400                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            101                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             227                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6791                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6791                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4280                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5882                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        12833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        38380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                  51213                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       547392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      1334112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                 1881504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            33193                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples             67186                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.100780                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.301829                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   60431     89.95%     89.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                    6739     10.03%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                      16      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total               67186                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                6300                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3767.907138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  4565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                6300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.724603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1777.261573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    30.719086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    53.934715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   869.486634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1036.505131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.433902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.007500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.013168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.212277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.253053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.919899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3591                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3580                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.876709                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              130002                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             130002                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2502                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2502                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             232                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          668                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          668                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1060                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1060                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               1960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          668                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              1960                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1885                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          1885                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1834                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1834                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1852                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1852                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             5571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1834                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3737                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            5571                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2502                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2502                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         2502                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2912                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2912                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           7531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          7531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.890411                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.890411                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.733014                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.733014                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.635989                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.635989                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.733014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.743090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.739742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.733014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.743090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.739742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4338                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4338                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                1297                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3708.330063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                  3239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                1297                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.497301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   690.332929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst  1589.464819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   796.273947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   123.618246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   508.640121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.168538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.388053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.194403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.030180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.124180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.905354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3546                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865723                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses               56901                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses              56901                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          757                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          757                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1239                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         1239                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1068                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1068                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          650                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          650                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               1835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1068                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          767                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              1835                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          524                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total           524                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          177                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          900                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          900                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             1601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            1601                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          757                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          757                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1239                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1239                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          641                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          641                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1245                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1550                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1550                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total           3436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total          3436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.817473                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.817473                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.142169                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.142169                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.580645                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.580645                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.142169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.649932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.465949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.142169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.649932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.465949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks            219                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                 219                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            2651.056495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1195.012447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   551.469413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.574635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.291751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.220703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.134636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.647231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2583                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.630615                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses                  85                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses                 85                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total                4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total               4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total              4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total             4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements               10542                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3700.948027                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                 19640                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs               10542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                1.863024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1450.773992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   676.252793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   446.023882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   391.902908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   735.994452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.354193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.165101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.108893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.095679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.179686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.903552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4040                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          990                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2878                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses              290551                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses             290551                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4273                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total         4273                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          377                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total             377                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2719                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2719                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2518                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2518                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total               5614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2719                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2895                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total              5614                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          126                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6414                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total          6414                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1560                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3364                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3364                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total            11338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9778                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total           11338                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4273                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4273                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6791                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6791                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4279                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4279                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5882                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5882                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total          16952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total         16952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.944485                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.944485                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.364571                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.364571                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.571914                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.571914                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.364571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.771562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.668830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.364571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.771562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.668830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks           3897                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                3897                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              6999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5542                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3093                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4725                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         6999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         7648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         8834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        16486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        16092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        16108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 32594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       244544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       389184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       633744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       471296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       471360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1105104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           21262                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            42502                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.485648                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499800                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  21861     51.44%     51.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  20641     48.56%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              42502                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              1077                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          219                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1057                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              83                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            45                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              523                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             523                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1077                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         4738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total         4738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                  4738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       116440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       116440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 116440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           43718                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            46281                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.935027                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.246480                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                   3007      6.50%      6.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  43274     93.50%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              46281                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                    20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                    264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                           46612                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples            45097                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.999778                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.014890                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                     10      0.02%      0.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                  45087     99.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total              45097                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              5434                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7850                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            285                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8458                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5434                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        16398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        16432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        32830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         9833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total         9833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 42663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       542912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side       430816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total       973728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       417792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total       417792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                1391520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           15409                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            44023                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.349045                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.476674                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  28657     65.10%     65.10% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  15366     34.90%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              44023                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         4368                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.732441                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           25                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         4368                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.005723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.260155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.071476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.400557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.828760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.025035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.858278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        57600                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        57600                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3762                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3762                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           63                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1685                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1685                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          571                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          633                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2256                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         2318                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3762                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3762                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1686                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1686                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          571                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          633                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         2319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         2319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999407                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999407                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         3760                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         3760                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         1184                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.154596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         1184                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.086993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.412190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     1.417660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.708820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     6.113941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.501984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.088262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.088604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.044301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.382121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.281374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.884662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        25851                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        25851                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          219                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          219                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           83                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           83                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          523                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          523                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          900                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         1600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1423                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         1600                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          219                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          219                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           83                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          523                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          523                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          900                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         1600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         1600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          219                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          219                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements            1                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    13.162623                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs            1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.587988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst           10                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.574635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.099249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.625000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.035915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.822664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses           76                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses           76                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements         3769                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    14.485195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           91                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs         3769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.024144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.862901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.283035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.487076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.747526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.104656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.303931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.205190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.030442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.171720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.194041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.905325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses        93298                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses        93298                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1208                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1208                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::total           17                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2852                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         2852                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1113                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2654                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total         5506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3965                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total         5506                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1208                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1208                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2868                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2868                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1114                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2655                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total         5523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total         5523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999102                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999623                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.996922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks         1188                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total         1188                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         4476                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.412861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           54                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         4476                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.012064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.108527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2.305014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.177620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.856134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.996299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.891920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.077347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.256783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.144063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.011101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.053508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.124769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.180745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.192334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        87439                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        87439                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1215                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1215                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2842                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2847                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          554                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1044                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3313                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         6160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          559                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3886                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         6160                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1215                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1215                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2844                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2849                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          554                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1045                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3314                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         6163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         6163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999298                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999043                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999698                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1204                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1204                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements         4443                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    12.924816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs           18                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs         4443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.004051                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.501025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.073193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.331104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.089928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.929566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.718814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.020694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.058098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.807801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses        62384                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses        62384                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3953                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3953                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1555                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          511                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         2066                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          378                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           67                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          510                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total         2576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1933                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          578                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total         2576                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3953                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3953                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1556                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2068                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          378                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           67                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          510                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total         2578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total         2578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999357                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998047                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999033                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks         3953                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total         3953                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33928                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8141                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28440                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4596                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62368                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12737                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43649                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  301750                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             166019                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               166019                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160212                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17157                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160212                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       220958                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112975                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62632                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34132                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28500                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      231013.939231                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70736.060769                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234419                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765581                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22555                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2862      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            95973     57.77%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35092     21.12%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28780     17.32%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166131                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37541                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23377                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4538435156                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3668053402.693612                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      870381753.306389                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191780                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808220                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86816     63.90%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25655     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6410      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4538435042                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4536073300.543687                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2361741.456314                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82678                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88097                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170775                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4538842211                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450624                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433680                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46906                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433680                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624000                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294534                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171889                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83518                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88371                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1650358889.110255                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2888483321.889745                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636392                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363608                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58287                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9711      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256282     56.81%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85778     19.02%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88438     19.60%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451107                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4368                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              8                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5168                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2988                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          154                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          132                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          286                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          5060                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         5060                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4368                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side         8719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total         8719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         2574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side         2002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         4576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        14284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        14284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              27600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       388992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       388992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        58968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        57472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       116440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       428448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total       428448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              934208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        26611                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         45097                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.551079                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.497390                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               20245     44.89%     44.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               24852     55.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           45097                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.017067                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17067227000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2286845925000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                6740965                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  6740959                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              680183252                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1294912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    25.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   169144669                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     169144669                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        10304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       125888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        36096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1898048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      5887488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        46656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         9920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           8018624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        10304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       125888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1898048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        46656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      2080896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      5213632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        5213632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           66                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        29657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        91992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             125291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        81463                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             81463                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       603730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       247492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      7376008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      2114931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    111210099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    344958674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2733660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       581231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            469825825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       603730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      7376008                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    111210099                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2733660                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       121923497                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      305476221                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           305476221                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      305476221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       603730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       247492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      7376008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      2114931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    111210099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    344958674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      2733660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       581231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           775302045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         7360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       148352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       228608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      6783680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        18048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      6310208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13500032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       228608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total       232384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks     10216960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       10216960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           59                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         2318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         3572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       105995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide        98597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             210938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks       159640                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            159640                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       431236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       221243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      8692215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     13394560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    397468200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      1057465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide      369726611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            790991530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       221243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     13394560                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        13615803                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks      598630346                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           598630346                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks      598630346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       431236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       221243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      8692215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     13394560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    397468200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      1057465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide     369726611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          1389621876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      20                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      1035                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     368     36.84%     36.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     72      7.21%     44.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     17      1.70%     45.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.10%     45.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    541     54.15%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 999                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      368     44.55%     44.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      72      8.72%     53.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      17      2.06%     55.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.12%     55.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     368     44.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  826                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             17222428500     99.69%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                5400000      0.03%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 833000      0.00%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               46373000      0.27%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         17275199000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.680222                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.826827                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  821     86.88%     86.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     36      3.81%     90.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      88      9.31%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   945                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               90                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              339                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          478.922896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs               8073                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              339                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.814159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   478.922896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.935396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.935396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          478                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.933594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            90096                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses           90096                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        27617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        15494                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15494                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          597                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          597                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        43111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           43111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        43111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          43111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          133                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          133                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           51                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           51                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          498                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          498                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        15627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          644                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          644                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          570                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          570                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        43609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        43609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        43609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        43609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.013044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.008511                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008511                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.072981                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.072981                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.089474                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.089474                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              553                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              83608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           151.189873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1.085548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   510.914452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.002120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.997880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           284521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          284521                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       141431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         141431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       141431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          141431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       141431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         141431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       141984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       141984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       141984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       141984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       141984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      19                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      1044                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     271     38.55%     38.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     17      2.42%     40.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.14%     41.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    414     58.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 703                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      271     48.48%     48.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      17      3.04%     51.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.18%     51.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     270     48.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  559                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             16331755500     99.86%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 833000      0.01%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               22231500      0.14%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         16354984500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.652174                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.795164                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.13%      0.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      1.87%      2.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.27%      2.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  647     86.61%     88.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     34      4.55%     93.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.13%     93.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      38      5.09%     98.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.20%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   747                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               34                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 19                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.617647                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.052632                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.575342                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          65376500     43.56%     43.56% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            84694000     56.44%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5454                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.256196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             113732                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5454                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.852952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   489.256196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.955579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.943359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           248097                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          248097                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        67403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          67403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        46875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         46875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          587                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          587                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          642                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          642                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       114278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          114278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       114278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         114278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          120                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          120                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           61                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           61                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5583                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5583                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        70625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        49236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          707                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          707                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          703                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          703                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       119861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       119861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       119861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       119861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.045621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.047953                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.047953                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.169731                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.169731                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.086771                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.086771                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             3004                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             519125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           172.811252                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.004953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.995047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           668260                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          668260                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       329624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         329624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       329624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          329624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       329624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         329624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          3004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3004                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         3004                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       332628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       332628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       332628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       332628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       332628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       332628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3004                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             3004                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     410                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     61699                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    6512     40.31%     40.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    119      0.74%     41.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     17      0.11%     41.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     41.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   9506     58.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               16155                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     6141     49.45%     49.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     119      0.96%     50.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      17      0.14%     50.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     50.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    6140     49.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                12418                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             16106441000     93.23%     93.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8508500      0.05%     93.28% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 833000      0.00%     93.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     93.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1159373500      6.71%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         17275268000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.943028                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.645908                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.768678                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                       397     88.03%     88.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         3      0.67%     88.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         6      1.33%     90.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                       17      3.77%     93.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        6      1.33%     95.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      0.22%     95.34% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.22%     95.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.22%     95.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       10      2.22%     98.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        5      1.11%     99.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.44%     99.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      0.22%     99.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      0.22%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   451                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  347      0.63%      0.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       9      0.02%      0.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                14494     26.42%     27.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    628      1.14%     28.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     28.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    1524      2.78%     31.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 475      0.87%     31.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.01%     31.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              37367     68.12%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 54853                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1870                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               1039                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               1038                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 1039                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.555080                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.713991                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        6963311500     38.57%     38.57% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         11088777500     61.43%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     347                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           320947                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.272658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            8811831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           320947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.455720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     2.222038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   508.050620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.004340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.992286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         18669626                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        18669626                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      4734363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4734363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3908484                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3908484                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       102901                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       102901                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       106712                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       106712                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      8642847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         8642847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      8642847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        8642847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       189761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       127798                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       127798                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3998                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3998                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          128                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          128                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       317559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        317559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       317559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       317559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4924124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4924124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4036282                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4036282                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       106899                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       106899                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       106840                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       106840                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      8960406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8960406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      8960406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8960406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.031662                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031662                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037400                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.037400                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001198                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.001198                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.035440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.035440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       177472                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           177472                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           214609                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           32738745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           214609                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           152.550662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     4.044354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   507.955646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.007899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.992101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         66120219                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        66120219                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     32738196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       32738196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     32738196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        32738196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     32738196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       32738196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       214609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       214609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       214609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        214609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       214609                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       214609                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     32952805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32952805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     32952805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     32952805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     32952805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     32952805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       214609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           214609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      22                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       487                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     145     32.58%     32.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     17      3.82%     36.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.67%     37.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    280     62.92%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 445                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      145     46.93%     46.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      17      5.50%     52.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.97%     53.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     144     46.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  309                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             16547519500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 833000      0.01%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               14023500      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         16562727500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.514286                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.694382                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      0.64%      0.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  407     87.34%     87.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     37      7.94%     95.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      19      4.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   466                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel               22                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              724                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          439.844456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               5525                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.631215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   439.844456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.859071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.859071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.859375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            37555                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           37555                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        10204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          10204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6807                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          6807                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        17011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           17011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        17011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          17011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          331                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          331                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          1018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1018                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         1018                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        10891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         7138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          137                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          137                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          124                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          124                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        18029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        18029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        18029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        18029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.063080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.046372                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.046372                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.270073                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.270073                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.322581                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.322581                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.056465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.056465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          354                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              354                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1162                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              57514                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            49.495697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           108424                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          108424                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        52469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          52469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        52469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           52469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        52469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          52469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        53631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        53631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        53631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        53631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        53631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.021667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.021667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.021667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                1014                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  8372224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       1030                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1956                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1956                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              133246                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             133246                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         5712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         8178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       262226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       262226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  270404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         4056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          363                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3213                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         9031                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      8374600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      8374600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  8383631                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               131113                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               131113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1180017                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1180017                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       130816                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       130816                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              297                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       130816                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       130816                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          130816                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               130816                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests          2041                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1038                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            7592                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         7592                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 431                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               1396                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                306                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               306                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          160                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean          553                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict              179                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               95                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             51                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             146                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq                38                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp               38                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            553                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           412                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                   4664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        70784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        40911                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                  111695                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          1033418                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples           1035942                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.007329                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.085293                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                 1028350     99.27%     99.27% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    7592      0.73%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total             1035942                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         17226                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8667                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           19897                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        19895                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp               6346                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 19                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                19                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3345                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3003                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2109                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              148                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             61                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             209                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2213                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2213                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3342                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         9011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        17020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  26031                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       384448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       569752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                  954200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          1098357                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           1115419                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.017842                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.132390                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 1095520     98.22%     98.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   19897      1.78%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             1115419                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1071850                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       535905                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          283                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          283422                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       283382                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           40                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                1224                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp             409592                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq               2073                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp              2073                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       177472                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean       214575                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict           143226                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              221                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            128                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             349                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq            127577                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp           127577                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         214609                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193759                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       643793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       970662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                1614455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     27467776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     31930548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                59398324                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                          1116973                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples           2191881                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.129582                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.335897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                 1907893     87.04%     87.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                  283948     12.95%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                      40      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total             2191881                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests          4143                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         2006                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           34315                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        34315                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadReq                   4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp               1890                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 32                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                32                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          354                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1162                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict              370                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               80                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             40                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             120                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq               251                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp              251                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           1162                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           724                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         3486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         2986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                   6472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       148736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        85228                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                  233964                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                           878153                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples            881751                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.038917                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.193397                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                  847436     96.11%     96.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                   34315      3.89%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total              881751                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                 147                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3549.516347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                   159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                 147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                1.081633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1363.188388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    18.157372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data           21                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst  1219.048693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   928.121895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.332810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.004433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.005127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.297619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.226592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.866581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3558                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.870117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses               16880                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses              16880                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          160                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          160                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          553                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total          553                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total               4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          392                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          392                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          170                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          170                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total                566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          392                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          174                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total               566                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           95                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           95                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total            34                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          161                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          161                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          242                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          242                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total              437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          161                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          276                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total             437                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          160                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          160                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          553                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total          553                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           95                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          553                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          553                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          412                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          412                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           1003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          1003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.894737                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.894737                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.291139                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.291139                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.587379                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.587379                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.291139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.613333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.435693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.291139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.613333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.435693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks             68                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                  68                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                6636                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3819.772803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                  4068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                6636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                0.613020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1661.329108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     7.009058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst  1008.566326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1138.868311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.405598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.001711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.246232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.278044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.932562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3822                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3818                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.933105                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              147092                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             147092                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3345                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3345                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3003                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3003                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          245                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             245                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          959                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          959                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1244                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1244                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               2448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          959                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1489                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              2448                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          148                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          148                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1968                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          1968                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2045                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2045                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2098                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2098                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             6111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2045                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4066                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            6111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3345                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3345                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3003                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3003                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          148                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3004                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3004                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3342                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3342                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total           8559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total          8559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.889291                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.889291                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.680759                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.680759                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.627768                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.627768                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.680759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.731953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.713985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.680759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.731953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.713985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           4499                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                4499                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements              245064                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3972.556879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                619936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs              245064                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                2.529690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1573.982145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    21.998276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    14.179196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   582.189395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1780.207867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.384273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.005371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.003462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.142136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.434621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.969863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4053                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          541                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1601                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1555                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.989502                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses             8947357                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses            8947357                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       177472                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       177472                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       214575                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total       214575                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        32199                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total           32199                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       181323                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       181323                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        89617                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        89617                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       181323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       121816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total             303139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       181323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       121816                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total            303139                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          221                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          221                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          128                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          128                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        95378                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total         95378                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        33286                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        33286                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       104142                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       104142                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        33286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       199520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total           232806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        33286                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       199520                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total          232806                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       177472                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       177472                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       214575                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       214575                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          221                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          221                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          128                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          128                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       127577                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total       127577                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       214609                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       214609                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       193759                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       193759                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       214609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       321336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total         535945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       214609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       321336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total        535945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.747611                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.747611                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.155101                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.155101                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.537482                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.537482                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.155101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.620908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.434384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.155101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.620908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.434384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks         105854                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total              105854                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                 687                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3849.474959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                  1061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                 687                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                1.544396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1197.268130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst            7                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     5.314562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst  1477.070999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1162.821269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.292302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.001298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.360613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.283892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.939813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3860                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.942383                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses               34945                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses              34945                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          354                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          354                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1162                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total         1162                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          423                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          423                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          241                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          241                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total                679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          423                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total               679                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           80                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          236                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total           236                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          739                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          739                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          483                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          483                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total             1458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          739                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          719                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total            1458                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          354                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          354                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1162                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1162                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          251                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          251                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1162                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1162                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          724                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          724                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total           2137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total          2137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.940239                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.940239                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.635972                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.635972                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.667127                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.667127                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.635972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.737436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.682265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.635972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.737436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.682265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks            247                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                 247                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             87072                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              2430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             2430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       180114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           46758                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             252                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           220                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            40682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           40615                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        85413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       130816                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       130816                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          321                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         2738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       346811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         6704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       353515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        96592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       296747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       393339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                749592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        21440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        10816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        34127                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     11169600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     11176760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      2061312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      6329920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      8391232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               19602119                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                          543206                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          1034480                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.525009                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 491369     47.50%     47.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                 543111     52.50%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            1034480                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              4143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                19                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               19                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4499                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1967                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             155                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            61                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1961                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1961                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        19144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        19144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 19144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       678744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       678744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 678744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                         1092330                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          1104343                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.988405                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.107055                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  12805      1.16%      1.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                1091538     98.84%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            1104343                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadReq               1224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp            138652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq              2073                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp             2073                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       105854                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict          124976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             296                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq            95303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp           95303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       137428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side       703734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total       703734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                703734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side     21676276                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total     21676276                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total               21676276                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                          872313                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples          1338952                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.651009                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.476651                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                 467282     34.90%     34.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                 871670     65.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total            1338952                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp             57912                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                32                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp               32                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       159665                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict           50567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            94                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155394                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155159                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        57908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side         2544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total         3802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       633780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total       633780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                637582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        40704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        68396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total       109100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port     23745920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total     23745920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total               23855020                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                          453838                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples           879172                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.515667                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499755                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                 425812     48.43%     48.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                 453360     51.57%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total             879172                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        98986                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.955922                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        98986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.001202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.823814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     4.584912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.547196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.676488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.286557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.034200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.125000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      1683138                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      1683138                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        98651                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        98651                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           40                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           40                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           40                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           40                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          112                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          257                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          369                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        98624                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        98624                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total          383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          126                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          257                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total          383                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        98651                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        98651                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          112                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          409                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        98624                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        98624                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total          423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total          423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.865320                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.902200                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.865320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.905437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.865320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.905437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks        98648                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total        98648                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         8509                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse     9.930314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           81                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         8509                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.009519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.645572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     3.005281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     5.279461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.102848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.187830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.329966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.620645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.187500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       112891                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       112891                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4499                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4499                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          155                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          155                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1961                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1961                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2045                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2098                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4143                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         6104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2045                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4059                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         6104                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4499                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4499                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          155                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1961                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1961                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2045                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2098                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4143                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         6104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         6104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         4506                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         4506                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements       242917                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    15.777632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs          347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs       242917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.001428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.413122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.359215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     8.005295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.400820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.084951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.500331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses      4050371                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses      4050371                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       105854                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       105854                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           63                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total           92                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          296                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          296                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          128                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          128                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        95274                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total        95274                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        33286                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       104079                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       137365                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        33286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       199353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total       232639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        33286                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       199353                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total       232639                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       105854                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       105854                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          296                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          296                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          128                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          128                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        95303                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        95303                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        33286                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       104142                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       137428                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        33286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       199445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total       232731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        33286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       199445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total       232731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999696                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999395                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999542                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks       105753                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total       105753                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements          946                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse     8.272473                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           31                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs          946                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.032770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.813050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     3.799463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.659960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.050816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.237466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.228747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.517030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.125000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses        11962                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses        11962                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           25                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total           25                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           38                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          739                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          289                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1028                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total         1041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          739                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          302                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total         1041                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           25                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           25                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           38                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          739                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          289                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1028                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total         1041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total         1041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks           25                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total           25                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       134004                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.838117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       134004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.002567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.079395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.103589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.025150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.272415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     7.327687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.018597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.011283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.379962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.001572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.142026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.457980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      1971257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      1971257                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        49410                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        49410                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           43                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           23                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          145                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          239                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           23                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          188                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           30                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          282                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           91                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           77                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        40543                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        40582                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1967                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          581                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        29657                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        51599                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          729                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          180                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        84713                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        29657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        92142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       125295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1967                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          610                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        29657                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        92142                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          729                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          190                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       125295                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        49410                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        49410                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        40586                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        40625                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1986                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          593                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        29680                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        51744                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          739                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          210                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        84952                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        29680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        92330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       125577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        29680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        92330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       125577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998941                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998942                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.990433                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.979764                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999225                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997198                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.986468                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997187                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.990433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.980707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.986468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.863636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.990433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.980707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.986468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.863636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        49230                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        49230                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements       216070                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.754729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs          216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs       216070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.001000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.581979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.041673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.066494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.254664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.805660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.536374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.002605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.004156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.078417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.362854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses      3758061                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses      3758061                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       159522                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total       159522                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total           25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           82                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total          109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          107                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total          109                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          144                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          228                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1881                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        54441                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide        98597                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total       154933                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          102                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           59                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1153                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3572                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        51799                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        56686                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       106240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        98598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total       211619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          116                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3034                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3572                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       106240                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        98598                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total       211619                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       159522                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       159522                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          144                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          228                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1881                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        54466                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        98597                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total       154958                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          102                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           59                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1155                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3572                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        51881                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        56770                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       106347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        98598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total       211728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           59                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       106347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        98598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total       211728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999541                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999839                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998268                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998419                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998520                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks       159418                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total       159418                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               28913                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              16575                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               45488                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              16037                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          16037                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                34550560                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             141984                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               141984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       136277                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              10904                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts         9583                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              136277                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       177143                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       106202                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                45650                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              29057                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             16593                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      34406866.439878                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      143693.560122                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.004159                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.995841                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22646                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          600      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            88824     62.56%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             213      0.15%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           30916     21.77%     84.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          16627     11.71%     96.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          4804      3.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            141984                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               71200                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               130                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           37719                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              49938                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          21980                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              121138                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               148                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           59699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             177590                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         177711                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                32709540                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             332470                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               332470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       321605                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           373                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               9159                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        34935                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              321605                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  373                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       439830                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       232881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          208                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               121489                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              71462                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             50027                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      32390698.575054                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      318841.424946                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.009748                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.990252                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    47050                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         5655      1.70%      1.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           198279     59.61%     61.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             268      0.08%     61.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             46      0.01%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           72621     21.83%     83.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          50308     15.12%     98.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          5448      1.64%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            332628                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits             4991763                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              3743                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         3250447                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits            4145655                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              963                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        2773661                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits             9137418                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              4706                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   24                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses         6024108                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits           22403809                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             1979                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses       22405788                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                34550973                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           32948075                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             32948075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     28729037                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       3851703                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            1046139                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      2967426                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            28729037                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              3851703                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads     41775148                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes     20187666                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads      2564736                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      2564220                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs              9183696                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts            5036002                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts           4147694                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      1194438.826687                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      33356534.173313                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.965430                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.034570                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  4192155                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass      2321793      7.05%      7.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         18302387     55.54%     62.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          533425      1.62%     64.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd        1282192      3.89%     68.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp             48      0.00%     68.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt         767567      2.33%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult            51      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv         255850      0.78%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead         5162897     15.67%     86.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite        4150800     12.60%     99.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        175795      0.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          32952805                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               11015                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              22                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits               7294                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               18309                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              22                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits               5476                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses           5476                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                33125477                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              53629                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                53629                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        51548                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               2206                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         4532                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               51548                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads        70575                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        39035                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                18356                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              11034                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts              7322                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      33073452.623211                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      52024.376789                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.001571                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.998429                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                     7677                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          367      0.68%      0.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            32490     60.58%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             145      0.27%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.02%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           11289     21.05%     82.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite           7328     13.66%     96.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          2001      3.73%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             53631                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1228                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         144133                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           2124                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          2124                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       208932                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       101274                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          495                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          223                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          718                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        195885                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       195885                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       142905                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       296685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       296685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         7525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        11127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        18652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       348723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       329474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total       678197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         2392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total         2392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             995926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     12649920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     12649920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       198296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       480896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       679192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     10981492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     10682368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total     21663860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        68396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        68396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            35061368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                       416923                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples       1095841                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.380200                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.485436                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3              679202     61.98%     61.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4              416639     38.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total         1095841                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.524661                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                524660999000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2811506924000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1739642                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1739642                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              329036493                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1302244                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1594.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2773924536                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2773924536                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       478592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      3722816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       216320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      2580160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3577600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      3181568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       710656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      6025664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          20493376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       478592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       216320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3577600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       710656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      4983168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      4856640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4856640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         7478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        58169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         3380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        40315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        55900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        49712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        11104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        94151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             320209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        75885                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             75885                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       912193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      7095660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       412304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      4917766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6818879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      6064045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1354505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     11484871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             39060224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       912193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       412304                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6818879                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1354505                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         9497882                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        9256720                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             9256720                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        9256720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       912193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      7095660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       412304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      4917766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      6818879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      6064045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      1354505                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     11484871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            48316944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       252736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     53295744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       225984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      9515904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4440640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     75406016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       752384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     28467648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       835584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         173192640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       252736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       225984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4440640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       752384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total      5671744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks    101629568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total      101629568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         3949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       832746                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         3531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data       148686                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        69385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      1178219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        11756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data       444807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide        13056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            2706135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks      1587962                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           1587962                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       481713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    101581296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       430724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     18137243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      8463827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    143723311                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1434038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     54259127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide        1592617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            330103896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       481713                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       430724                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      8463827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1434038                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        10810302                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks      193705208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           193705208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks      193705208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       481713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    101581296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       430724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     18137243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      8463827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    143723311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      1434038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     54259127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide       1592617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           523809104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     459                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    108182                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    5748     33.59%     33.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    149      0.87%     34.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    537      3.14%     37.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    136      0.79%     38.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  10544     61.61%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               17114                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     5745     47.17%     47.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     149      1.22%     48.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     537      4.41%     52.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     136      1.12%     53.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    5613     46.08%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                12180                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            523760842500     99.83%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               11175000      0.00%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               26313000      0.01%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               27481500      0.01%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              828497000      0.16%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        524654309000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999478                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.532341                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.711698                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       26     74.29%     74.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     11.43%     85.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        4     11.43%     97.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::75                        1      2.86%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    35                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   51      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  196      1.04%      1.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.01%      1.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                14382     76.67%     77.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1106      5.90%     83.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.02%     83.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     3      0.02%     83.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    1911     10.19%     94.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 127      0.68%     94.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%     94.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                978      5.21%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 18759                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2104                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1311                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1310                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1311                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.622624                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.767496                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      332947442500     61.43%     61.43% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        209005682000     38.57%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     196                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          2838969                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          448.610379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          107929916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2838969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            38.017293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   448.610379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.876192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.876192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        224358537                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       224358537                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     84374852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       84374852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     23507517                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      23507517                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        14060                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        14060                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        15156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data    107882369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       107882369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data    107882369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      107882369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1594776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1594776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1247481                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1247481                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2815                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2815                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1433                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1433                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2842257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2842257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2842257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2842257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     85969628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     85969628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     24754998                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     24754998                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        16875                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16875                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        16589                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16589                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    110724626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    110724626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    110724626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    110724626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.018550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.050393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.166815                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.166815                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.086383                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.086383                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.025670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.025670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2140436                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          2140436                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            51248                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          411886877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            51248                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          8037.130756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.086734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.913266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        845121944                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       845121944                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    422484100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      422484100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    422484100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       422484100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    422484100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      422484100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        51248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        51248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        51248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         51248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        51248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        51248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    422535348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    422535348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    422535348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    422535348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    422535348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    422535348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        51248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            51248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     341                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    171334                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    2746     27.78%     27.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    537      5.43%     33.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    133      1.35%     34.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   6470     65.45%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                9886                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     2745     45.47%     45.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     537      8.90%     54.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     133      2.20%     56.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    2622     43.43%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 6037                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            524936359500     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               26313000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               21870500      0.00%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              388900500      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        525373443500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999636                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.405255                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.610662                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::4                         2     50.00%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        2     50.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     4                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   10      0.08%      0.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   33      0.27%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.01%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 8500     70.22%     70.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1085      8.96%     79.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.01%     79.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.01%     79.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     716      5.91%     85.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  41      0.34%     85.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%     85.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique               1716     14.18%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 12105                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              398                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                373                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                351                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                378                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  373                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    4                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.949749                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.011396                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.672906                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         379678500      0.07%      0.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        310992144000     57.42%     57.49% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        230206368500     42.51%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      33                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          3137739                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          491.741012                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          150537225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3137739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.976337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   491.741012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.960432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.960432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        310584560                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       310584560                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    125085174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      125085174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     25488747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      25488747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3539                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3539                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data    150573921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       150573921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data    150573921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      150573921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1030251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1030251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2109759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2109759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          728                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          728                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          653                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3140010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       3140010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3140010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      3140010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    126115425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    126115425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     27598506                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     27598506                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4218                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4218                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    153713931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    153713931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    153713931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    153713931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.008169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.076445                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.076445                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.172594                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.172594                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.155773                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.155773                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.020428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.020428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2869531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          2869531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            47969                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          606855127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            47969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         12650.985574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          271                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1246319227                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      1246319227                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    623087660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      623087660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    623087660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       623087660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    623087660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      623087660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        47969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        47969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        47969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         47969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        47969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        47969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    623135629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    623135629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    623135629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    623135629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    623135629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    623135629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks        47969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total            47969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     296                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    252936                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    6706     35.48%     35.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     27      0.14%     35.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    537      2.84%     38.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     60      0.32%     38.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  11573     61.22%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               18903                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     6702     47.77%     47.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      27      0.19%     47.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     537      3.83%     51.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      60      0.43%     52.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    6703     47.78%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                14029                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            523780484000     99.83%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1930500      0.00%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               26313000      0.01%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                7625000      0.00%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              844638000      0.16%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        524660990500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999404                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.579193                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.742157                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.29%      0.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                       114     32.76%     33.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        12      3.45%     36.49% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                        33      9.48%     45.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                       18      5.17%     51.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                       32      9.20%     60.34% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                       32      9.20%     69.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       51     14.66%     84.20% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                       34      9.77%     93.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                       21      6.03%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   348                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  353      0.21%      0.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  277      0.16%      0.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.00%      0.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                16099      9.47%      9.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   1317      0.77%     10.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     10.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     3      0.00%     10.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    2197      1.29%     11.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 768      0.45%     12.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     12.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique             148920     87.63%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                169940                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2474                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               1964                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               1964                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 1964                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.793856                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.885083                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      187069595500     35.66%     35.66% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        337591395000     64.34%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     277                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          3566030                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          504.897520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          177152506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3566030                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            49.677795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   504.897520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.986128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.923828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        364988183                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       364988183                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    127266496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      127266496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     49631929                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      49631929                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       113586                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       113586                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       116709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       116709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    176898425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       176898425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    176898425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      176898425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2238058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2238058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1335219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1335219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4662                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         4662                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1380                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1380                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3573277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       3573277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3573277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      3573277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    129504554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    129504554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     50967148                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     50967148                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       118248                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       118248                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       118089                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       118089                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    180471702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    180471702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    180471702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    180471702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.017282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.026198                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026198                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.039426                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.039426                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.011686                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.011686                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.019800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.019800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2700292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          2700292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           429075                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          679925444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           429075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          1584.630762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1361363445                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      1361363445                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    680038110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      680038110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    680038110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       680038110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    680038110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      680038110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       429075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       429075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       429075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        429075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       429075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       429075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    680467185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    680467185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    680467185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    680467185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    680467185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    680467185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       429075                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           429075                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     228                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    286559                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    5085     33.85%     33.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    538      3.58%     37.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    264      1.76%     39.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   9136     60.81%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               15023                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     5082     46.47%     46.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     538      4.92%     51.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     264      2.41%     53.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    5051     46.19%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                10935                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            524635138500     99.86%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               26328500      0.01%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               31258000      0.01%     99.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              680530500      0.13%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        525373255500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999410                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.552868                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.727884                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::4                         3     15.79%     15.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        9     47.37%     63.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        1      5.26%     68.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        5     26.32%     94.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::92                        1      5.26%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    19                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   50      0.26%      0.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  273      1.44%      1.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.01%      1.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                12887     67.84%     69.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   1099      5.79%     75.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.02%     75.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdusp                     4      0.02%     75.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    1446      7.61%     82.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 226      1.19%     84.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%     84.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique               3007     15.83%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 18997                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1719                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               1213                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               1213                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 1213                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.705643                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.827422                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      104008215000     19.19%     19.19% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        437992805000     80.81%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     273                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          4619786                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          504.743284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          218879602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4619786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.378732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   504.743284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.985827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        451618080                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       451618080                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    178946620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      178946620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     39900127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      39900127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        11982                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        11982                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        12772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data    218846747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       218846747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data    218846747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      218846747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1901805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1901805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2721300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2721300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1084                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1084                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4623105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       4623105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4623105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      4623105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    180848425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    180848425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     42621427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42621427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        13919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13856                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        13856                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    223469852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    223469852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    223469852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    223469852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.010516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.063848                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.063848                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.139162                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.139162                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.078233                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.078233                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.020688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.020688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4062674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total          4062674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           115116                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          846213493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           115116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          7350.963315                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1758575068                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      1758575068                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    879114860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      879114860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    879114860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       879114860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    879114860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      879114860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       115116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       115116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       115116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        115116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       115116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       115116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    879229976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    879229976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    879229976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    879229976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    879229976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    879229976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks       115116                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total           115116                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  96                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   835584                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        108                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1227                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1227                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               17241                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              17241                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         6612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        10738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        26198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        26198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   36936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        26448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          780                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          729                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        29901                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       835928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       835928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   865829                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                13099                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                13099                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               117891                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              117891                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        13056                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        13056                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               43                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        13056                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        13056                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           13056                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                13056                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests       5787970                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2894365                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            7                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1151331                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1151329                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 895                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            1649734                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               1338                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              1338                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2140436                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        51248                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           698526                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2715                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1433                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4148                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1244766                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1244766                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          51248                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1597591                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       153744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      8536438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                8690182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      6559744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    318908132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total               325467876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          9003239                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          14787606                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.077859                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.267950                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                13636261     92.21%     92.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 1151343      7.79%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            14787606                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       6375068                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3187221                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          228596                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       228596                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            1078948                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                682                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               682                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2869531                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        47969                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           268208                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              860                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            653                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1513                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2108899                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2108899                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          47969                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1030979                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       143907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      9421885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                9565792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      6140032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    384607618                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               390747650                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          9151531                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          15525096                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.014724                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.120447                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                15296500     98.53%     98.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  228596      1.47%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            15525096                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests       8003499                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4002319                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           30                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1761397                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1761380                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           17                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                 285                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp            2672080                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq               1409                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp              1409                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2700292                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean       429072                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict           865711                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             5834                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1380                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            7214                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1329385                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1329385                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         429075                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2242720                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      1287222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     10728029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total               12015251                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     54921408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    401442544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total               456363952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                          9473062                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples          17472655                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.100813                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.301084                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                15711198     89.92%     89.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                 1761440     10.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                      17      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total            17472655                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests       9476144                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4738202                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          265005                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       265003                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadReq                   4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp            2018862                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                756                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp               756                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4062674                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean       115116                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict           557109                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2216                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1084                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3300                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2719084                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2719084                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         115116                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1903742                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       345348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side     13873555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total               14218903                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side     14734848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side    555877943                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total               570612791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                          5908979                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples          15381652                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.017229                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.130125                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                15116641     98.28%     98.28% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                  265009      1.72%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                       2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total            15381652                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements              906370                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3285.211299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               2935779                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs              906370                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                3.239051                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1274.563343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.819180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.951921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   400.947277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1607.929577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.311173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.097888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.392561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.802054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3954                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          864                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2805                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.965332                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses            48469945                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses           48469945                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2140436                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2140436                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        51248                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        51248                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       963312                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total          963312                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        39821                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        39821                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       979420                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       979420                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        39821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1942732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            1982553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        39821                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1942732                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           1982553                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2715                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2715                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1433                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1433                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       281454                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total        281454                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        11427                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        11427                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       618171                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       618171                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        11427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       899625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total           911052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        11427                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       899625                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total          911052                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2140436                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2140436                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        51248                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        51248                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2715                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2715                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1433                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1433                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1244766                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1244766                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        51248                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        51248                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1597591                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1597591                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        51248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2842357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total        2893605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        51248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2842357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total       2893605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.226110                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.226110                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.222975                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.222975                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.386939                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.386939                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.222975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.316507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.314850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.222975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.316507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.314850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks         529594                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total              529594                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements              200975                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3762.596496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               3461037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs              200975                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               17.221231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1748.832562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.503724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     1.294226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   382.746200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1629.219784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.426961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.093444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.397759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.918603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3931                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.959717                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            53315729                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           53315729                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2869531                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2869531                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        47969                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        47969                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1988299                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total         1988299                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        40978                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        40978                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       957621                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       957621                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        40978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2945920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            2986898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        40978                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2945920                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           2986898                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          860                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          860                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          653                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       120600                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        120600                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         6991                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         6991                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        73358                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        73358                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         6991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       193958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total           200949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         6991                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       193958                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total          200949                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2869531                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2869531                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        47969                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        47969                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          860                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          860                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          653                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2108899                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2108899                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        47969                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        47969                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1030979                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1030979                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        47969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3139878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        3187847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        47969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3139878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       3187847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.057186                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.057186                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.145740                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.145740                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.071154                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.071154                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.145740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.061772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.063036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.145740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.061772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         121706                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              121706                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements             1449315                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3974.464340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs               4944462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs             1449315                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                3.411585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1795.902023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   536.904002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1641.658315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.438453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.131080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.400795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.970328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3922                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          886                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2719                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.957520                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses            66818031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses           66818031                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2700292                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2700292                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       429072                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total       429072                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       813996                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total          813996                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       303349                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       303349                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1470731                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1470731                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       303349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2284727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total            2588076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       303349                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2284727                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total           2588076                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5834                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total         5834                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1380                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1380                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       515389                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total        515389                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       125726                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       125726                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       771989                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       771989                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       125726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1287378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total          1413104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       125726                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1287378                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total         1413104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2700292                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2700292                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       429072                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       429072                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5834                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         5834                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1380                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1380                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1329385                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1329385                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       429075                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       429075                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2242720                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2242720                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       429075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3572105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total        4001180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       429075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3572105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total       4001180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.387690                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.387690                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.293016                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.293016                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.344220                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.344220                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.293016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.360398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.353172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.293016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.360398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.353172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks         783389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total              783389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements              577972                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3773.149793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs               5436763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs              577972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                9.406620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1732.209773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.393225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.264266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   326.882207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1713.400321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.422903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.079805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.418311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.921179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3933                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          337                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          906                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2065                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960205                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses            79114010                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses           79114010                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4062674                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total      4062674                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       115116                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total       115116                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2484009                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total         2484009                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        91794                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        91794                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1592375                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1592375                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        91794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      4076384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total            4168178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        91794                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      4076384                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total           4168178                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2216                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2216                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1084                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1084                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       235075                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total        235075                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        23322                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        23322                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       311367                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       311367                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        23322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       546442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total           569764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        23322                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       546442                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total          569764                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4062674                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4062674                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       115116                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total       115116                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2216                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2216                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1084                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1084                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2719084                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2719084                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       115116                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       115116                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1903742                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1903742                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       115116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4622826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total        4737942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       115116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4622826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total       4737942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.086454                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.086454                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.202596                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.202596                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.163555                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.163555                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.202596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.118205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.120256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.202596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.118205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks         268285                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total              268285                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            864429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              4185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             4185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       582672                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          516537                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            4970                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          3154                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           6278                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           305689                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          305363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       863245                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        13056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        13056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       196160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      2521219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      2721845                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       720589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         6272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       726861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        39297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        39297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               3488003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      6572480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     85595776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9380                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     92177636                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     19075328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        20521                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     19095849                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       838336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       838336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              112111821                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         7599684                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          9905135                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.766335                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.423162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                2314488     23.37%     23.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                7590647     76.63%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            9905135                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             80349                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       121706                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           74170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           653                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1523                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           120590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          120590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        80349                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       602164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       602164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                602164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     20654722                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     20654722                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total               20654722                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                         8952547                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          9347391                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.957312                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.202152                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                 399020      4.27%      4.27% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                8948371     95.73%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            9347391                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                285                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp            898000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq              1409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp             1409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       783389                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict          622878                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            5891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           7271                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq           515332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp          515332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       897715                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side      4250291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total      4250291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total               4250291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side    140581040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total    140581040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total              140581040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                         8025260                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples         10846426                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.739243                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.439047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                2828279     26.08%     26.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                8018147     73.92%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total           10846426                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp           1739148                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq               756                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp              756                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1598507                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1169070                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            9171                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          2437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          10168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1089301                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1084366                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1739144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      1366489                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side       330187                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total      1696676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      6746152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      6746152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total               8442828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port     45982272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side      7656887                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total     53639159                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port    229375872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total    229375872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total              283015031                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                          836792                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples          6463666                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.129102                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.335313                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                5629194     87.09%     87.09% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                 834472     12.91%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total            6463666                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements      1084973                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.738924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs         2473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs      1084973                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.002279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    12.142241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.096378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.500216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.758890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.156263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.921183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses     14964933                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses     14964933                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       506787                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       506787                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1481                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1481                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total         1739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1739                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total         1739                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1230                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1230                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          466                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          466                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       262052                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       262052                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3949                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       575963                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       579955                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        13056                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        13056                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       838015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total       842007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3949                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       838015                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total       842007                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       506787                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       506787                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1230                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1230                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          466                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          466                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       262310                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       262310                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         3949                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       577444                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       581436                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        13056                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        13056                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         3949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       839754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total       843746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         3949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       839754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total       843746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999016                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999016                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997435                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997453                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       504993                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       504993                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements       199384                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.103189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs         1342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs       199384                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.006731                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.966659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     1.358501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.778030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.497916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.084906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.236127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.818949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses      3508676                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses      3508676                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       121706                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       121706                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          633                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          633                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           40                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           40                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total          673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          673                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total          673                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          870                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          870                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          653                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       119957                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       119957                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         6991                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        73318                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        80309                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         6991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       193275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       200266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         6991                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       193275                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       200266                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       121706                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       121706                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          870                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          870                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          653                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       120590                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       120590                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         6991                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        73358                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        80349                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         6991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       193948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       200939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         6991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       193948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       200939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994751                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994751                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999455                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999502                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.996651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks       121021                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total       121021                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements      1644824                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    13.612816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs        33567                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs      1644824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.020408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.100109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.968452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.544255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.443757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.060528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.346516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.850801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses     24781637                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses     24781637                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       783389                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       783389                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        20513                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::total        20513                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         6963                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         6963                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        27476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total        27476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        27476                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total        27476                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5891                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total         5891                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1380                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1380                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       494819                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total       494819                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       125726                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       765026                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       890752                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       125726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1259845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total      1385571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       125726                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1259845                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total      1385571                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       783389                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       783389                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5891                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         5891                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1380                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1380                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       515332                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total       515332                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       125726                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       771989                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       897715                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       125726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1287321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total      1413047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       125726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1287321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total      1413047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.960195                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.960195                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.990980                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.992244                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.978656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.980555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.978656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.980555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks       755916                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total       755916                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements       109075                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    14.777732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs         2490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs       109075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.022828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.604395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.710042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     8.463295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.225275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.169378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.528956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.923608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses      1865845                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses      1865845                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        10545                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10545                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          625                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::total          625                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          134                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          282                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          416                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::total         1041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          134                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          907                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::total         1041                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          664                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          664                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          576                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          576                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7179                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         7179                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        11421                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        89360                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       100781                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        11421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        96539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total       107960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        11421                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        96539                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total       107960                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        10545                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10545                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          664                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          664                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          576                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          576                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7804                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7804                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        11555                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        89642                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       101197                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        11555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        97446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total       109001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        11555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        97446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total       109001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.919913                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.919913                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.988403                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996854                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995889                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.988403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.990692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.990450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.988403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.990692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.990450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks         9801                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total         9801                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       271862                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.103233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         4901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       271862                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.018028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.828165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.539503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.887556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.596481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.624162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.461633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.165734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.239260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.033719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.117972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.099780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.101510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.028852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.260358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.881452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      4091271                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      4091271                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        41124                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        41124                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          574                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          103                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          697                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           80                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          459                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          439                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1494                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          317                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          545                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         3334                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           80                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total         4031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           80                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1033                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          439                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1514                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          317                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          648                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total         4031                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          204                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          390                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          367                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          961                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          134                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          327                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          191                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          652                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13918                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3530                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6978                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        24426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3380                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        26819                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        55900                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        48502                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        11104                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        87899                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       233604                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        40737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        55900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        52032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        11104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        94877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       258030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3380                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        40737                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        55900                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        52032                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        11104                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        94877                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       258030                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        41124                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        41124                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          204                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          390                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          367                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          961                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          135                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          327                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          191                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          653                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        14492                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3550                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7081                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        25123                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3460                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        27278                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        56339                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        49996                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        11421                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        88444                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       236938                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        41770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        56339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        53546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        11421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        95525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       262061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        41770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        56339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        53546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        11421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        95525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       262061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.992593                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998469                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.960392                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994366                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.985454                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.972256                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.976879                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.983173                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.992208                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.970118                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.972244                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993838                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.985929                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.976879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.975269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.992208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.971725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.972244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.984618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.976879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.975269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.992208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.971725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.972244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.984618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        40022                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        40022                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements      2732235                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.493492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs        25208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs      2732235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.009226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.412654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.021219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.657795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.034488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.618114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.166815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.582404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.588291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.103612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.038632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.010426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.223900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses     39818327                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses     39818327                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1350607                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1350607                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2055                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          541                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        14754                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total        17350                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          446                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2597                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         3070                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        17351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total        20420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2501                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          568                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        17351                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total        20420                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          946                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          526                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4652                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total         6124                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          182                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          189                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          340                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          711                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       259810                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       104852                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       471606                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide        13056                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total       849324                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3949                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       573928                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3531                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        44466                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        69385                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       709195                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1404455                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       833738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       149318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        69385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1180801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        13057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total      2253779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3949                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       833738                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3531                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       149318                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        69385                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1180801                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        13057                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total      2253779                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1350607                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1350607                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          946                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          526                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4652                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         6124                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          182                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          189                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          340                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          711                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       261865                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       105393                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       486360                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        13056                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total       866674                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         3949                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       574374                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3531                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        44493                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        69385                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       711792                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1407525                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         3949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       836239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       149886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        69385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1198152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        13057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total      2274199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         3949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       836239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       149886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        69385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1198152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        13057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total      2274199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.992152                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994867                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.969664                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.979981                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999224                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999393                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996351                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997819                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.985519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.991021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.985519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.991021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks      1330222                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total      1330222                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits            85976296                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses             43139                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses        85364422                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           24773620                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses            45231                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       23443386                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits           110749916                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses             88370                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       108807808                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          418278269                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              232                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      418278501                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              1049322457                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          422446978                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            422446978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    333249599                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses     102824177                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            2971169                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     40357067                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           333249599                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts            102824177                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    568688854                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    241434299                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads    119604752                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes     87255588                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs            110850699                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts           86030537                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          24820162                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      626787151.171249                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      422535305.828751                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.402674                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.597326                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 45319644                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     23504351      5.56%      5.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        220745278     52.24%     57.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult          119559      0.03%     57.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     57.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       43358792     10.26%     68.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp       11687800      2.77%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt        2455283      0.58%     71.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult       7695424      1.82%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv         789712      0.19%     73.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt        324616      0.08%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead        86057623     20.37%     93.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       24822323      5.87%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess        974587      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         422535348                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits           126102914                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses             55975                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses       125916297                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           27603337                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses           102386                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       27566120                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits           153706251                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses            158361                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses       153482417                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits          622118176                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              198                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses      622118374                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              1050747272                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts          622977268                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps            622977268                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses    508462064                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses     128511336                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls            2546178                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     71879839                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts           508462064                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts            128511336                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads    821355132                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes    372249641                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads    135934295                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes    108116114                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs            153882120                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts          126175618                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          27706502                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      426765393.988327                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      623981878.011672                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.593846                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.406154                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                 76567695                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     37240307      5.98%      5.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu        355167288     57.00%     62.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult           73398      0.01%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd       51810567      8.31%     71.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp       16892492      2.71%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt           1313      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult       5998137      0.96%     74.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv          22756      0.00%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt        405510      0.07%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead       126183289     20.25%     95.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       27706542      4.45%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess       1634030      0.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total         623135629                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           129465057                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses             52985                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       128647510                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           51087079                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses            22254                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   1                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       49829085                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           180552136                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses             75239                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       178476595                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          675444338                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             7149                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      675451487                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              1049322294                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          680391945                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            680391945                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    530199120                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses     148728551                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            7370882                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     59378319                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           530199120                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts            148728551                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads    883569247                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    384724857                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads    177534561                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes    126940116                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            180787170                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          129676072                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          51111098                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      368848051.038475                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      680474242.961525                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.648489                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.351511                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                 69305094                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     48963964      7.20%      7.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        344784816     50.67%     57.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult         3279334      0.48%     58.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     58.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd       67303087      9.89%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp       15335060      2.25%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        2158152      0.32%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult      15032301      2.21%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv        1403921      0.21%     73.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt        235761      0.03%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       129819607     19.08%     92.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       51112925      7.51%     99.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess       1038257      0.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         680467185                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits           180832178                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses            138841                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses       180459387                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits           42635947                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses           127459                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       41927901                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits           223468125                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses            266300                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses       222387288                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits          876197288                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              572                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses      876197860                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              1050747159                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts          878963676                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps            878963676                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses    714916995                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses     185467625                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            3960709                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts     98461418                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts           714916995                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts            185467625                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads   1161629647                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes    520918132                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads    197399952                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes    156112649                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs            223766154                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts          181001189                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts          42764965                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      170322692.957066                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      880424466.042934                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.837903                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.162097                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                105270299                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass     52536192      5.98%      5.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu        490880891     55.83%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult          314937      0.04%     61.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd       74464268      8.47%     70.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp       23486502      2.67%     72.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt         297775      0.03%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult       9873397      1.12%     74.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv         260739      0.03%     74.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt        579855      0.07%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead       181022623     20.59%     94.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite       42765803      4.86%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess       2746994      0.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total         879229976                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             289                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        1652086                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           2847                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          2847                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1391731                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      1064320                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         8660                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         3075                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        11735                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        897058                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       897058                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1651797                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      2551767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      2551767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       135341                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       458611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       593952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       304759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      3819095                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total      4123854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       313930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total       313930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total            7583503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     87043264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     87043264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      3903362                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     16664448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     20567810                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      8182320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side    128881984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total    137064304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      7542647                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total      7542647                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           252218025                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      4067020                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples       9146649                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.443887                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.496841                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3             5086566     55.61%     55.61% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4             4060083     44.39%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total         9146649                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.013916                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13915697500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2825422621500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              245697226                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                245696638                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1225937353                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1303268                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    11.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2788913370                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2788913370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       232192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       169984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        59008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        42688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       200960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       520640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       126912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        77888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1430272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       232192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        59008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       200960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       126912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       619072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       725632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         725632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         3628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          667                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         3140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         8135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              22348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        11338                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             11338                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     16685617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     12215270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4240391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      3067615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     14441245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     37413863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      9120060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      5597132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            102781194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     16685617                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4240391                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     14441245                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      9120060                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        44487314                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       52144853                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            52144853                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       52144853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     16685617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     12215270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      4240391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      3067615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     14441245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     37413863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      9120060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      5597132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           154926047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        20032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       572288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         8896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        83136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        73984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       670080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       548864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           2019264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        20032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         8896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        73984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total       112128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks      1264576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        1264576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         8942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        10470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         8576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide          512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              31551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks        19759                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             19759                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1439525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     41125355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       639278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      5974260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5316586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     48152814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       662274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     39442076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide        2354751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            145106920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1439525                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       639278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5316586                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       662274                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total         8057663                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks       90874065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            90874065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks       90874065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1439525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     41125355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       639278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      5974260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      5316586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     48152814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       662274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     39442076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide       2354751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           235980985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      30                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      4736                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    1699     44.60%     44.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    118      3.10%     47.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     15      0.39%     48.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     16      0.42%     48.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   1961     51.48%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                3809                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     1697     48.09%     48.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     118      3.34%     51.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      15      0.43%     51.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      16      0.45%     52.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    1683     47.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 3529                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             13422113000     97.86%     97.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8850000      0.06%     97.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 735000      0.01%     97.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2675500      0.02%     97.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              281796500      2.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         13716170000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998823                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.858236                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.926490                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     16.67%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     16.67%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         1     16.67%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     16.67%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        1     16.67%     83.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        1     16.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     6                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   44      1.11%      1.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   71      1.79%      2.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.05%      2.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 3424     86.51%     89.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     53      1.34%     90.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     2      0.05%     90.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     3      0.08%     90.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     236      5.96%     96.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  61      1.54%     98.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.13%     98.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                 57      1.44%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  3958                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              308                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 90                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 91                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   90                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.295455                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.454774                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       12774118500     93.61%     93.61% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           871296000      6.39%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      71                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            23782                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          469.843575                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             741316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            24196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            30.637957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   469.843575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.917663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.917663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.808594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1489772                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1489772                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       467061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         467061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       230683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        230683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4420                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4420                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4476                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4476                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       697744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          697744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       697744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         697744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        19582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5201                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5201                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          671                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          671                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          444                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          444                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        24783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         24783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        24783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        24783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       486643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       486643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       235884                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       235884                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5091                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         5091                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4920                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4920                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       722527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       722527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       722527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       722527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.040239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.022049                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022049                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.131801                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.131801                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.090244                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.090244                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.034300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.034300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10218                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            10218                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             9704                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.995795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           13643798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            10216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1335.532302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.995795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5892345                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5892345                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2931609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2931609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2931609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2931609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2931609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2931609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          9709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         9709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2941318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2941318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2941318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2941318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2941318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2941318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9704                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             9704                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      40                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      1752                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     329     36.64%     36.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     15      1.67%     38.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     31      3.45%     41.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    523     58.24%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 898                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      327     48.66%     48.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      15      2.23%     50.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      31      4.61%     55.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     299     44.49%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  672                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             13651566000     99.58%     99.58% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 735000      0.01%     99.58% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                5576000      0.04%     99.62% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               51695500      0.38%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         13709572500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.993921                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.571702                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.748330                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1     25.00%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     25.00%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     25.00%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     25.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     4                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    8      0.70%      0.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  107      9.40%     10.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.35%     10.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  690     60.63%     71.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     34      2.99%     74.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     2      0.18%     74.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     2      0.18%     74.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     163     14.32%     88.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  60      5.27%     94.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.09%     94.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                 67      5.89%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  1138                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              205                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                120                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 65                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                123                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  120                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    4                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.600000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.061538                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.633333                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         119675000      0.87%      0.87% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            79067500      0.58%      1.45% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle         13487659000     98.55%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     107                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             4601                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          474.033376                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             183098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5058                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            36.199684                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   474.033376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.925846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.925846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           266942                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          266942                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        78703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          78703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        43457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         43457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          929                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          929                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       122160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          122160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       122160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         122160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          350                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          350                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          420                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          420                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        82734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        45395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        45395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1279                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1279                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1203                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1203                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       128129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       128129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       128129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       128129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.042692                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042692                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.273651                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.273651                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.349127                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.349127                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             2544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             5155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           16718048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          2950.070231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          481                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           882003                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          882003                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       433269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         433269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       433269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          433269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       433269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         433269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          5155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5155                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         5155                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       438424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       438424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       438424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       438424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       438424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       438424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         5155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             5155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      15                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     84070                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     810     41.33%     41.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      2      0.10%     41.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     15      0.77%     42.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     21      1.07%     43.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1112     56.73%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                1960                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      810     48.91%     48.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       2      0.12%     49.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      15      0.91%     49.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      21      1.27%     51.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     808     48.79%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1656                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             13568058000     98.97%     98.97% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 143000      0.00%     98.97% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 735000      0.01%     98.97% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                3248000      0.02%     99.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              137332000      1.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         13709516000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.726619                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.844898                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         3     21.43%     21.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         5     35.71%     57.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      7.14%     64.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        4     28.57%     92.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::75                        1      7.14%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    14                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   36      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   41      0.05%      0.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1844      2.24%      2.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     47      0.06%      2.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                      79      0.10%      2.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  39      0.05%      2.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              80248     97.47%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 82334                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              121                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 65                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 66                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   65                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.545455                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.704301                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        7920478000     60.39%     60.39% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user          5194165500     39.61%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      41                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            39884                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          498.715575                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            3528549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            40261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            87.641862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   498.715575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.974054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.736328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7122015                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7122015                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2228119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2228119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1178401                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1178401                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        46318                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        46318                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        46376                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        46376                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3406520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         3406520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3406520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        3406520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        36178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        36178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4508                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4508                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          431                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          431                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          343                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          343                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        40686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         40686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        40686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        40686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2264297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2264297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1182909                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1182909                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        46749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        46749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        46719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        46719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3447206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3447206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3447206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3447206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.015978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.003811                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003811                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.009219                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009219                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.007342                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.007342                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.011803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.011803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        29747                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            29747                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             8379                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           11000916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             8891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          1237.309189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         21721617                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        21721617                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     10848240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       10848240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     10848240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        10848240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     10848240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       10848240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         8379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         8379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         8379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          8379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         8379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         8379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     10856619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10856619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     10856619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     10856619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     10856619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     10856619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         8379                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             8379                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      38                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      2240                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     510     40.64%     40.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     15      1.20%     41.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     51      4.06%     45.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    679     54.10%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                1255                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      506     47.16%     47.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      15      1.40%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      51      4.75%     53.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     501     46.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 1073                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             13851447500     99.54%     99.54% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 735000      0.01%     99.54% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                6041500      0.04%     99.59% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               57487000      0.41%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         13915711000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.992157                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.737850                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.854980                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1      7.69%      7.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      7.69%     15.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      7.69%     23.08% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      7.69%     30.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      7.69%     38.46% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     23.08%     61.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     30.77%     92.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      7.69%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    13                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    8      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  104      6.95%      7.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.07%      7.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1013     67.71%     75.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     31      2.07%     77.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.20%     77.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.07%     77.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     197     13.17%     90.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  67      4.48%     95.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.20%     95.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                 68      4.55%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                  1496                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              300                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                155                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                154                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  155                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.513333                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.679121                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       13771533500     98.94%     98.94% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user           147157500      1.06%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     104                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            15573                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          475.138535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             259595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            16085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            16.138949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   475.138535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.928005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.928005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           546320                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          546320                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       131819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         131819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       112276                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        112276                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1622                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1622                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1509                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1509                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       244095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          244095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       244095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         244095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8430                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8430                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          478                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          478                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          509                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          509                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        16700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         16700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        16700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        16700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       140089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       120706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       120706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2018                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2018                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       260795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       260795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       260795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       260795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.059034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.069839                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.069839                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.227619                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.227619                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.252230                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.252230                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.064035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.064035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.064035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.064035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            10138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             8261                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.996600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           33686770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             8772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          3840.261058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   511.996600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1518766                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses         1518766                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       746990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         746990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       746990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          746990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       746990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         746990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         8262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         8262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         8262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          8262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         8262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         8262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       755252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       755252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       755252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       755252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       755252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       755252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         8261                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             8261                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  19                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   155648                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         19                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  736                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 736                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3199                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3199                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           96                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         4874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         4874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    7870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         3008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1298                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          602                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           54                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         4962                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       155688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       155688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   160650                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 2437                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 2453                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                21933                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               21933                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         2432                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         2432                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                5                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         2432                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         2432                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            2432                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 2432                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         69093                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        34693                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           23                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           17834                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        17834                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 715                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              30677                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                567                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               567                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10218                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         9687                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            13558                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              758                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            444                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1202                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4443                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4443                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           9709                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         20253                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        29105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        78136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                 107241                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1241344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      2237958                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 3479302                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           145359                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            214170                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.083508                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.276650                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  196285     91.65%     91.65% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   17885      8.35%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              214170                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         21650                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        10775                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           21                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           12638                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        12610                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           28                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp               9536                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 53                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                53                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2544                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         5149                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2042                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              599                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            420                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1339                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1339                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           5155                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4381                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        15459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        18170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  33629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       659456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       529320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1188776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           178982                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            199044                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.063845                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.245052                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  186364     93.63%     93.63% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   12652      6.36%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      28      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              199044                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests         98102                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        49056                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           49150                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        49150                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                  16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              45004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 94                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                94                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        29747                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean         8379                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict            10137                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              450                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            343                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             793                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4058                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4058                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           8379                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         36609                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        25137                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       123024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                 148161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      1072512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      4507148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                 5579660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                           194189                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples            291145                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.168816                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.374590                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                  241995     83.12%     83.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   49150     16.88%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total              291145                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests         49783                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        25029                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           12976                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        12962                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              17010                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 53                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                53                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10138                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean         8258                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict             5422                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              684                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            509                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1193                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7746                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7746                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           8262                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8748                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        24782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        51040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                  75822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      1057280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      1704872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                 2762152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                           134001                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples            182274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.071464                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.257897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                  169262     92.86%     92.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                   12998      7.13%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                      14      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total              182274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               16665                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3942.197523                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                738271                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               19578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               37.709214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1196.347023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   796.537763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1949.312736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.292077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.194467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.475906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.962451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2913                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2894                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.711182                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              575379                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             575379                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        10218                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10218                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         9687                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         9687                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5766                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         5766                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10656                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        10656                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        11810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              17576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5766                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        11810                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             17576                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          758                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          758                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          444                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          444                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3289                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          3289                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3943                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         3943                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9597                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         9597                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            16829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3943                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12886                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           16829                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        10218                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10218                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         9687                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         9687                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          758                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          758                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          444                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          444                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4443                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4443                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9709                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         9709                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        20253                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        20253                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        24696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          34405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        24696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         34405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.740266                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.740266                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.406118                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.406118                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.473856                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.473856                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.406118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.521785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.489144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.406118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.521785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.489144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           5627                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                5627                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                3183                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3924.713781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                613743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                6985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               87.865855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1942.068564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   904.715706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1077.929512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.474138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.220878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.263166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.958182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3802                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2008                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.928223                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              179261                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             179261                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2544                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2544                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         5149                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         5149                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          453                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             453                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         4091                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4091                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1909                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1909                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         4091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               6453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         4091                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2362                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              6453                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          599                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          599                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          420                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          420                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          886                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total           886                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1064                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1064                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2472                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2472                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             4422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1064                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3358                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            4422                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2544                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2544                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         5149                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         5149                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          599                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          599                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          420                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          420                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1339                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1339                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5155                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         5155                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4381                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4381                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          10875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         10875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.661688                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.661688                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.206402                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.206402                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.564255                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.564255                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.206402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.587063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.406621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.206402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.587063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.406621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           1474                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                1474                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements               24188                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            4021.836597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                424773                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs               28027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs               15.155850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   650.542400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1093.767581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  2277.526615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.158824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.267033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.556037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.981894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3839                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1686                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          658                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937256                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses              814417                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses             814417                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        29747                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total        29747                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         8379                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total         8379                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2633                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total            2633                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         4056                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4056                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        18314                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        18314                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        20947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total              25003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         4056                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        20947                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total             25003                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          450                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          450                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          343                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          343                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1425                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total          1425                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4323                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         4323                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        18295                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        18295                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        19720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total            24043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4323                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        19720                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total           24043                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        29747                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        29747                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         8379                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         8379                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          450                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          450                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          343                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          343                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4058                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4058                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         8379                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         8379                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        36609                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        36609                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         8379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        40667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total          49046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         8379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        40667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total         49046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.351158                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.351158                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.515933                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.515933                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.499741                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.499741                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.515933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.484914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.490213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.515933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.484914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.490213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks          16196                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total               16196                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements               12620                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3902.363763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                769417                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs               16654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs               46.200132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1994.405112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   963.320063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   944.638588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.486915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.235186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.230625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.952726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4034                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          975                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2957                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984863                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses              420242                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses             420242                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        10138                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10138                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         8258                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total         8258                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          941                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total             941                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         6129                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         6129                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         4016                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4016                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         6129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         4957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total              11086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         6129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         4957                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total             11086                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          683                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          683                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          509                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          509                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6805                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total          6805                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2133                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2133                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4732                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4732                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        11537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total            13670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2133                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        11537                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total           13670                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        10138                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10138                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         8258                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         8258                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          684                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          684                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          509                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          509                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7746                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7746                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         8262                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         8262                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         8748                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         8748                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         8262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        16494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total          24756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         8262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        16494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total         24756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998538                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998538                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.878518                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.878518                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.258170                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.258170                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.540924                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.540924                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.258170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.699466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.552189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.258170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.699466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.552189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks           5412                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                5412                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                731                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             30261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               767                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              767                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15287                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           12039                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1278                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1028                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1707                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        29530                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         2432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         2432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        18900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        30881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        52345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        45846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        46278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         1566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         7310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                105933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       575168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       860160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3462                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1438790                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1520832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      1522332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       121856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        34112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       155968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                3117090                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           94555                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           162134                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.572150                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.494768                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  69369     42.78%     42.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  92765     57.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             162134                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              3536                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                53                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               53                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1474                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1663                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             620                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           420                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1040                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              865                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             865                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3536                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        14125                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        14125                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 14125                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       376424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       376424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 376424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          176294                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           182789                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.952782                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.212106                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                   8631      4.72%      4.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 174158     95.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             182789                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                 16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp             22634                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                94                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp               94                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6888                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             450                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           343                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            793                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1425                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1425                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        22618                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        72976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        72976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                 72976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side      2575948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total      2575948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                2575948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                          170409                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples           216775                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.778434                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.415302                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                  48030     22.16%     22.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                 168745     77.84%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total             216775                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp             25334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                53                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp               53                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        20302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict           13986                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2024                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1106                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11880                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        25334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        29015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        12147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        41162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        73211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total        73211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                114373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       948352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side       271400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total      1219752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      2461696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      2461696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                3681448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           71780                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples           146577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.483957                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499744                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  75640     51.60%     51.60% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  70937     48.40%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total             146577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        10325                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.322928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        10334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.044900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.611481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.221126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.181674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.308647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.663218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.013820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.136355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.019290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.832683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.562500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       183195                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       183195                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          557                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          557                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          181                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          181                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2951                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2951                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          315                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6730                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7047                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total          512                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         9998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          315                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9681                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         9998                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          557                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          557                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          181                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2954                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2954                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          315                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6734                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7053                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total          512                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total        10007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total        10007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998984                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998984                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999406                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999149                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         3929                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         3929                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         4016                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    11.297159                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         4030                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.196030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.888711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     2.630610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.777838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.243044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.164413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.298615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.706072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        74499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        74499                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1474                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1474                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          620                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          620                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          420                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          420                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          865                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          865                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1064                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2472                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3536                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         4401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1064                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3337                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         4401                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1474                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1474                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          620                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          620                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          420                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          420                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          865                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          865                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1064                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2472                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3536                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         4401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         4401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         1473                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         1473                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements        37984                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    14.288010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs          613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs        38000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.016132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.534306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.822233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.931470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.345894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.176390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.370717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses       423589                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses       423589                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          450                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          450                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          343                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          343                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1425                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total         1425                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4323                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        18285                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        22608                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        19710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total        24033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4323                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        19710                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total        24033                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          450                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          450                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          343                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          343                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1425                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1425                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4323                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        18295                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        22618                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        19720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total        24043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        19720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total        24043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999453                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999558                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks        16187                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total        16187                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements         3722                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    12.649445                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs          361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs         3738                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.096576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.626105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     6.350523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.672817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.164132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.396908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.229551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.790590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses        67736                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses        67736                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          543                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          543                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          174                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          174                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          238                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          238                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total           77                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1989                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1623                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3612                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total         3689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1989                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1700                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total         3689                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          543                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          543                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          174                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          174                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          238                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          238                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1989                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1624                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3613                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total         3691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total         3691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.987179                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.987179                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999384                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999723                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks          546                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total          546                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements        22837                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.891244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs        22853                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.017634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.465531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     1.876152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.304887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.203347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.781135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.140589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.119603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.341596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.117259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.081555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.075209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.111321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.133787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.069975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.930703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       253635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       253635                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7228                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7228                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          111                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           27                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           37                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          111                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           73                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           93                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          256                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           69                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           73                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          220                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          475                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          550                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          922                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          825                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3140                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7832                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1983                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1283                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        15985                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total        16535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          922                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          839                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3140                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8307                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1983                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1344                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total        16535                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7228                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7228                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           73                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           93                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           70                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           73                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          221                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          475                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          550                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          925                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          829                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3167                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7869                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1989                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1317                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        16096                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         8344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total        16646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         8344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total        16646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.985714                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.995475                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.996757                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995175                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.991475                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995298                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.996983                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.974184                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.993104                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.996757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.991475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.996983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.975327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.993332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.996757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.991475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.996983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.975327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.993332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         7228                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         7228                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements        32706                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.817584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs          542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs        32717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.016566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.529791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.011521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.405902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.600149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.220476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     4.044282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.595612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.025369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.037509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.076280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.252768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses       422257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses       422257                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        14907                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14907                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total           21                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          394                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          238                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          156                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          788                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           81                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          136                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           74                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          291                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2911                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          781                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          902                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         5106                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          313                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6297                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          139                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          803                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1156                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9761                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        18469                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total        23575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          313                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9208                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          139                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1584                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1156                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10663                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total        23575                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        14907                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14907                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          394                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          238                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          156                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          788                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           81                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          136                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           74                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          291                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2912                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          781                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          902                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5107                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          315                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6301                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          139                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          811                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1156                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9767                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        18489                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total        23596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total        23596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999657                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.993651                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999365                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.990136                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999386                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998918                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.993651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.993651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks        14890                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total        14890                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              491663                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               350                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses          276669                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             241320                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               42                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses         127660                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              732983                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               392                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses          404329                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits            1780670                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              225                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses        1780895                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                27418848                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            2940914                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              2940914                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      2868422                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          3141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             121879                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       353878                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             2868422                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 3141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      3792567                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      2197975                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         1656                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         1507                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               734461                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             492799                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            241662                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      24520936.298122                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      2897911.701878                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.105690                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.894310                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   539107                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        13318      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu          2154755     73.26%     73.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            3340      0.11%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     73.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd            214      0.01%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              3      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv             16      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          504204     17.14%     90.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         242091      8.23%     99.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         23377      0.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           2941318                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               83135                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               361                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           23144                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              46449                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               47                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          14930                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              129584                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               408                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           38074                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             177064                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              140                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         177204                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                27419141                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             437995                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               437995                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       416955                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses          2365                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              11211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        54086                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              416955                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                 2365                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       556311                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       309136                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads         1222                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes         1155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               131265                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              84386                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             46879                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      26987111.674623                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      432029.325377                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.015756                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.984244                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    73776                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass        10424      2.38%      2.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           282126     64.35%     66.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult            1031      0.24%     66.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             85      0.02%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           86624     19.76%     86.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          46933     10.70%     97.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         11198      2.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            438424                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits             2230447                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              1376                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         2144438                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits            1229609                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        1184147                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits             3460056                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              1414                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses         3328585                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits           10410977                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              285                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses       10411262                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                27419003                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           10855205                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             10855205                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses      9688415                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          1443                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             616539                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      1322633                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts             9688415                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 1443                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads     12886892                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes      6927419                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads          703                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes          712                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs              3542279                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts            2312438                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts           1229841                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      16722984.576837                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      10696018.423163                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.390095                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.609905                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  2260710                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass       739911      6.82%      6.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu          6418085     59.12%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            1884      0.02%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd            118      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              2      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              7      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             2      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              1      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead         2361694     21.75%     87.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite        1229965     11.33%     99.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        104950      0.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          10856619                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits              141376                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               408                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           55454                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits             122615                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              119                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          29814                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              263991                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               527                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           85268                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             317903                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              167                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         318070                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                27831433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             754720                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               754720                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       721534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          5829                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls              17045                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        83284                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              721534                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 5829                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads      1009425                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       504946                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         3510                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         3420                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               265701                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts             142597                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts            123104                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      27076050.966684                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      755382.033316                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.027141                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.972859                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                   110688                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass        17663      2.34%      2.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           451172     59.74%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult            1449      0.19%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1237      0.16%     62.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.03%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead          146091     19.34%     81.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite         123235     16.32%     98.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess         14178      1.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            755252                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              16                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          36819                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            200                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           200                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        22135                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        12773                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1801                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1182                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2983                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          5830                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         5830                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        36803                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        31580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        31580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         5082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side         8843                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        13925                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        33329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        36970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        70299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        10768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        10768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             126572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       924096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       924096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       133800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       242560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       376360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      1178316                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      1396416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total      2574732                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       271464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total       271464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             4146652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        95643                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        178772                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.520294                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.499589                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               85758     47.97%     47.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               93014     52.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          178772                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
