
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000360                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   359961500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2275351016500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              180283638                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                180279204                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              318102839                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1374876                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   203997533                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     203997533                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst       111808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        68096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst        33664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        67904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst       106816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        94976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            483264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       111808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        33664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       106816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       252288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       121088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         121088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst         1669                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               7551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1892                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1892                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst    310610996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data    189175787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst     93521113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data    188642396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst    296742846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data    263850440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1342543578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst    310610996                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst     93521113                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst    296742846                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       700874955                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      336391531                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           336391531                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      336391531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst    310610996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data    189175787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst     93521113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data    188642396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst    296742846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data    263850440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1678935108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst        11072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       104960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data         8576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       479232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            608704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        11072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        15872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       455488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         455488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         7488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               9511                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks         7117                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              7117                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst     30758845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data    291586739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3378139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23824770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      9956620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data   1331342380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data       177797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           1691025290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst     30758845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3378139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      9956620                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        44093604                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     1265379770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          1265379770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     1265379770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst     30758845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data    291586739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3378139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23824770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      9956620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data   1331342380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data       177797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          2956405060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu00.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362740500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362905000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         450.855848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   450.280719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.575130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.879455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.001123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.880578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.878906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu01.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362740500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362905000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::kernel               0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::idle                 1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         443.855836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs                11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs            5.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   443.281061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data     0.574775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.865783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.001123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.866906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse                483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.943359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.943359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu02.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362740500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362905000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.replacements               1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         240.936075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   240.361654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data     0.574421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.469456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.001122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.470578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.296875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu03.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362686500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362851000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.replacements               1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         445.933301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   445.359234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data     0.574067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.869842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.001121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.870963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu04.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                      2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.hwrei                      570                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::0                    162     47.65%     47.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.29%     47.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::31                   177     52.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::total                340                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::0                     162     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.31%     50.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::31                    161     49.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::total                 324                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::0              141345500     91.48%     91.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.11%     91.59% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::31              12994000      8.41%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::total          154504000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::31               0.909605                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::total            0.952941                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.syscall::2                        1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu04.kern.syscall::3                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu04.kern.syscall::19                       1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu04.kern.syscall::total                    3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::wripir                   1      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::swpctx                  12      3.31%      3.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::tbi                      1      0.28%      3.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::swpipl                 321     88.43%     92.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::rdusp                    1      0.28%     92.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::rti                     18      4.96%     97.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::callsys                  9      2.48%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::total                  363                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::kernel              31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::user                17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::kernel                18                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::user                  17                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         63005000     75.81%     75.81% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::user           20102000     24.19%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.swap_context                     12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.replacements            4772                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         465.534678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs             68319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            4772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           14.316639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    24.736127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   440.798551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.048313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.860935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.909247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          131434                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses         131434                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         31436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        25771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        25771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        57207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total          57207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        57207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total         57207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         4902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4902                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         4902                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        34192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        27917                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27917                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          605                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          605                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total        62109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total        62109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.080604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.076871                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.076871                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.175207                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.175207                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.046358                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046358                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.078926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.078926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.078926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.078926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2885                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            2885                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.icache.tags.replacements            2451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs            287278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs            2451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs          117.208486                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    27.250473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst   484.748901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.053224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.946775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses          344086                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses         344086                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       168365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        168365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       168365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         168365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       168365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        168365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total         2452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       170817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       170817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       170817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       170817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       170817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total            2451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu05.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                      2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.hwrei                      790                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::0                     98     47.57%     47.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::30                     2      0.97%     48.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::31                   106     51.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::total                206                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::0                      98     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::30                      2      1.02%     51.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::31                     96     48.98%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::total                 196                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::0              355946500     98.06%     98.06% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::30                330500      0.09%     98.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::31               6724500      1.85%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::total          363001500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::31               0.905660                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::total            0.951456                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::6                        1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::48                       1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::59                       1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::total                    3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::wripir                   1      0.36%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::swpctx                  58     20.86%     21.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::tbi                      4      1.44%     22.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::swpipl                 135     48.56%     71.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::rdps                     1      0.36%     71.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::rti                     69     24.82%     96.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::callsys                  9      3.24%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::imb                      1      0.36%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::total                  278                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::kernel             127                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::user                67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::kernel                67                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::user                  67                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.527559                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.690722                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       1923641500     99.58%     99.58% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::user            8186500      0.42%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.swap_context                     58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.replacements            1959                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         422.429339                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs             39439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            1959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           20.132210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    61.045682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   361.383657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.119230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.705827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.825057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.890625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           82046                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses          82046                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         23697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        12920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          456                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          456                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total          36617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total         36617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          684                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          684                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        25317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        13604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          475                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          475                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        38921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total        38921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        38921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total        38921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.063989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.050279                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050279                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.079832                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.079832                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.040000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.040000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.059197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.059197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.icache.tags.replacements            1288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs            107905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs           83.777174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   204.296870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst   307.703130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.399017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.600983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses          286330                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses         286330                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         141233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        141233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total         1288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       142521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       142521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       142521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       142521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       142521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       142521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total            1288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu06.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.hwrei                     1220                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::0                    250     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::31                   247     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::total                498                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::0                     248     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::31                    247     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::total                 496                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::0              558644500     98.28%     98.28% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::30                112000      0.02%     98.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::31               9664000      1.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::total          568420500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::0                0.992000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::31                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::total            0.995984                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::3                        1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::6                        1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::17                       1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::33                       1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::45                       3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::71                       4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::74                       1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::total                   12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::wripir                  15      2.57%      2.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::swpctx                  53      9.08%     11.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::swpipl                 397     67.98%     79.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::rdps                     1      0.17%     79.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::wrusp                    1      0.17%     79.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::rti                    100     17.12%     97.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::callsys                 15      2.57%     99.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::imb                      2      0.34%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::total                  584                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::kernel             152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::user                97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::kernel                96                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::user                  97                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       1710121000     95.77%     95.77% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::user           75503500      4.23%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.swap_context                     53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.replacements           12241                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         422.543838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs            151633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           12241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           12.387305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   104.605062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   317.938776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.204307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.620974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.825281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          357061                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses         357061                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        77204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         77204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        80101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1131                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1131                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         157305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        157305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        12403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        12403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        86932                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86932                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1285                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1285                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1279                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1279                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       169708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       169708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       169708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       169708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.067314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.078579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.119844                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.119844                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.024238                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.024238                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.073084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.073084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8000                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8000                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.icache.tags.replacements            4461                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.875835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs            332797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs            4461                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs           74.601435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   206.582196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst   305.293639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.403481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.596277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses          917215                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses         917215                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       451913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        451913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       451913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         451913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       451913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        451913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         4463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         4463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total         4463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         4463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total         4463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       456376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       456376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       456376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       456376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       456376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       456376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total            4461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu07.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362740500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362905000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         358.189597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   357.044891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data     1.144706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.697353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.002236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.699589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.697266                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total            127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total           127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse                507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu08.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362740500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362905000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         369.110167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   367.965729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     1.144438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.718683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.720918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.525391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse                511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu09.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362740500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362905000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.replacements               1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         407.267413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs                15                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  15                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   406.123330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     1.144083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.793210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.002235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.795444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu10.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362740500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362905000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         401.520811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs               119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           59.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   400.377082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     1.143729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.781986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.784220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu11.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362740500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362905000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         397.427511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   396.284136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     1.143375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.773992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.776226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          375                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.775391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu12.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362740500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362905000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         403.427498                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs               119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           59.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   402.284478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     1.143021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.785712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.002232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.787944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.787109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu13.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362740500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362905000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         395.427486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   394.284819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     1.142667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.770088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.772319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.771484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total            127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total           127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu14.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362740500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362905000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         401.427473                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs               119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           59.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   400.285161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     1.142312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.781807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.784038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           53                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           53                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total            128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total           128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.018519                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018519                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.030303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.030303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu15.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.hwrei                        4                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     25.00%     25.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::30                     2     50.00%     75.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::31                     1     25.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::total                  4                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     25.00%     25.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::30                      2     50.00%     75.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::31                      1     25.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::total                   4                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362695500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::30                195000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::31                 14500      0.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362905000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::31                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::swpipl                   2     66.67%     66.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::rti                      1     33.33%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::total                    3                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.replacements               3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         443.990388                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs               131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           43.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   440.565695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     3.424693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.860480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.006689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.867169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             342                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses            342                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           89                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            89                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           59                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total            148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total           148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           92                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           66                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total          158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total          158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.032609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.106061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.106061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.800000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.063291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.063291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse                431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.841797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.841797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses             920                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses            920                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total            460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total           460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  34                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 34                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total          272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                      272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests            30                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           13                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           10                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2633                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1924                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          709                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp                 16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                     59                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                    1120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            45244                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             44787                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.088352                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.420030                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   42139     94.09%     94.09% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    1934      4.32%     98.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     362      0.81%     99.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                     109      0.24%     99.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                     243      0.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               44787                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         55369                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        25503                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         6102                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           21630                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        17969                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         3661                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              18453                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 22                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                22                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11805                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         5616                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             5901                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              292                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             81                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             373                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9371                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9371                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           8203                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10250                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        14580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        12058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        36740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  79760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       275648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       491728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       122688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       206232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       486080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1313216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 2895856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            56679                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            112033                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.374934                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.738341                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   82275     73.44%     73.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   21956     19.60%     93.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    4074      3.64%     96.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                    3011      2.69%     99.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                     717      0.64%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              112033                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests            31                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            8                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2389                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1426                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          963                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp                 16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                     62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                    1184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                            54420                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples             54375                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.085756                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.477952                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                   51973     95.58%     95.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                    1435      2.64%     98.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                     197      0.36%     98.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                     246      0.45%     99.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                     524      0.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total               54375                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests            48                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           27                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           11                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1038                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          133                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          905                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp                 17                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                9                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             12                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              21                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            17                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                     91                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                    1376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            43045                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples             43065                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.085127                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.561926                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   42011     97.55%     97.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                     144      0.33%     97.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                      16      0.04%     97.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                      86      0.20%     98.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                     808      1.88%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total               43065                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3028.693897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1117.485644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   447.762809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   574.442974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.002461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.272824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.107666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.109317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.108154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.140245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.739427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2781                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2625                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.678955                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses                 176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses                176                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total                7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total               7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total             13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total            13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.538462                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.538462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.538462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               19133                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3996.724187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 21648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               19133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.131448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1733.662704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    20.465780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    34.554168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst     2.285813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data     4.017910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst     0.280213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data     1.183975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst   356.104531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   370.145710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst   127.902416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   143.866391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst   440.618715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   761.635861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.423257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.004997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.008436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.000558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.000981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.000289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.086940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.090368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.031226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.035124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.107573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.185946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.975763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4046                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1007                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2943                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987793                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              438350                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             438350                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        11805                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11805                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         5616                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         5616                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             44                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          411                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             696                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst          532                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst          742                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst         2737                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4011                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          996                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          813                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2396                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4205                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst          532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst          742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst         2737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               8912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst          532                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1190                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst          742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          904                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst         2737                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2807                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              8912                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          173                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1741                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6365                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          8657                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         4191                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1817                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          772                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3258                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5847                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            18695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3558                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1323                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9623                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           18695                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        11805                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11805                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         5616                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         5616                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          188                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1935                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          642                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6776                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         9353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         4462                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         8202                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2813                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1585                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5654                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10052                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         4462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        12430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          27607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         4462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        12430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         27607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.797872                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.842105                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.797235                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.933333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.977778                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.899742                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.858255                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.939345                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.925585                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.783034                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.423913                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.386598                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.510973                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.645930                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.487066                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.576229                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.581675                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.783034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.749368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.423913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.594073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.386598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.774175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.677183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.783034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.749368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.423913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.594073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.386598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.774175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.677183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           9027                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                9027                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                   2                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3689.825226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                     4                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                   2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                       2                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   647.019324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst           31                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           20                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst         1957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data  1032.233297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     0.572596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.157964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.007568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.004883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.477783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.252010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.900836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3687                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          558                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.900146                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses                 201                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses                201                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total                7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total               7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total             13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total            13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.538462                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.538462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.538462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                   1                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            2091.903277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                     1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                   1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                       1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   543.712855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   253.429331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   436.618655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     0.571651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     0.570779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.132742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.104004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.061872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.034180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.029297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.041748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.106596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.000139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.510719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2092                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.510742                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses                 317                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses                317                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total            3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total                 5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total             1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total               10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total              10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total             15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total            15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              6298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                34                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               34                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             177                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            65                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            163                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1878                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1866                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         6298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        21058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        21118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 21154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total          480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       643136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       643376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 643856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           31911                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            44773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.694526                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.460613                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  13677     30.55%     30.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  31096     69.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              44773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             10038                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                22                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               22                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9027                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7747                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             307                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            80                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8598                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10038                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        54771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        54771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 54771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      1770608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1770608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1770608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           37547                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            73346                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.511398                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499873                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  35837     48.86%     48.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  37509     51.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              73346                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                    40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side          480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total          480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                    480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                           54530                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples            54362                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.999559                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.021007                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                     24      0.04%      0.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                  54338     99.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total              54362                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              3191                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             140                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            52                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             35                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6342                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3191                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        29309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total        29309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 29377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side          416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total          672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      1064960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      1064960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                1065632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           23282                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            43048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.539886                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.498412                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  19807     46.01%     46.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  23241     53.99%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              43048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse     6.169315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.168626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.000689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.323039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.385582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.375000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses           26                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses           26                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        18976                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.659236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           76                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        18976                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.004005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.023922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     0.002020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     0.000249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     0.830350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     0.777351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     0.639518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.798198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     1.876095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     3.711533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.438995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.000126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.051897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.048584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.039970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.049887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.117256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.231971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       313146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       313146                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9027                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9027                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          154                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           56                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          232                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1737                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          546                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         8596                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1817                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          772                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3255                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10035                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        18631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1318                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9568                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        18631                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9027                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9027                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          154                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           56                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          232                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1737                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          547                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         8598                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1817                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          772                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3258                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10038                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        18636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        18636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.998172                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999842                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999767                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999079                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999701                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         9021                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         9021                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements            4                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    13.286224                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs            1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs            4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.250000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.428368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data     0.428350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst     8.856901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     0.572596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.026773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.125000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.026772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.553556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.035787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses          143                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses          143                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total            7                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    10.000486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           10                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     0.000474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.625000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.625030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses          102                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses          102                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total            6                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         8166                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.817779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           28                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         8166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.003429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.001520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     0.002210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     0.003880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.064493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     1.187587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     0.873684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     1.099561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.895018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     1.689828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.375095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.000242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.129031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.074224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.054605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.068723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.180939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.105614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       118458                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       118458                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1901                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1901                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          437                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          516                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          913                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1866                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          959                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1669                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          777                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6291                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         8157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1396                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1129                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1669                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1690                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         8157                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1901                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1901                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          437                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          516                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          914                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1867                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          959                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          614                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1669                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          777                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6292                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         8159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         8159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.998906                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999464                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.998371                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1892                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1892                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements        10286                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.706735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs            5                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs        10286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000486                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.541341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     0.002184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     0.000347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     0.137822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     0.310443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     0.071360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.371455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     0.095837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     4.175947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.658834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.000136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.008614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.019403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.004460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.023216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.005990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.260997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses       170500                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses       170500                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7121                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7121                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1275                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5038                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         6341                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          365                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          106                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2463                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3182                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total         9523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1640                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7501                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total         9523                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7121                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7121                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5039                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6343                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          365                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          106                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         2464                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3183                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total         9526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total         9526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999802                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999685                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999594                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999686                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.992593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.992593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks         7117                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total         7117                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles             4550290084                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus00.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus00.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_idle_cycles     4547957810.914779                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.num_busy_cycles     2332273.085221                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus00.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles             4550290169                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus01.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus01.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_idle_cycles     4547957895.871212                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.num_busy_cycles     2332273.128788                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus01.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles             4550290254                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus02.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus02.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_idle_cycles     4547957980.827644                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.num_busy_cycles     2332273.172355                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus02.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles             4550290339                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus03.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus03.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_idle_cycles     4547958065.784078                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.num_busy_cycles     2332273.215922                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus03.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits              34683                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses               90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses           8142                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits             28503                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses              15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_acv                  7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses          4597                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_hits              63186                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_misses              105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_acv                   7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_accesses          12739                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_hits             43548                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_misses              94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_accesses         43642                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                 308314                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            170705                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps              170705                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_alu_accesses       164887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_alu_accesses          245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_func_calls              4341                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus04.num_conditional_control_insts        17815                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_insts             164887                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_insts                 245                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_reads       227464                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_writes       116849                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_mem_refs               63450                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus04.num_load_insts             34887                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_store_insts            28563                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_idle_cycles     235120.136776                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.num_busy_cycles     73193.863224                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus04.not_idle_fraction       0.237400                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.idle_fraction           0.762600                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.Branches                   23495                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::No_OpClass         2828      1.66%      1.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntAlu           99891     58.48%     60.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntMult            169      0.10%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatAdd            30      0.02%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemRead          35840     20.98%     81.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemWrite         28843     16.89%     98.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IprAccess         3216      1.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::total           170817                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits              25247                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses              326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_acv                  12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses           1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits             13974                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses              38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_acv                  9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses           875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_hits              39221                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_misses              364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_acv                  21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_accesses           2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_hits             23169                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_misses             125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_accesses         23294                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles             4550290618                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            142136                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              142136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_alu_accesses       136789                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_alu_accesses          297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_func_calls              2883                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus05.num_conditional_control_insts        17898                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_insts             136789                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_insts                 297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_reads       181272                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_writes       103637                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_mem_refs               40329                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus05.num_load_insts             26131                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_store_insts            14198                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_idle_cycles     3648705791.413237                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.num_busy_cycles     901584826.586763                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus05.not_idle_fraction       0.198138                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.idle_fraction           0.801862                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.Branches                   21878                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::No_OpClass         2791      1.96%      1.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntAlu           91808     64.42%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntMult            111      0.08%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatAdd            25      0.02%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatDiv             3      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemRead          27178     19.07%     85.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemWrite         14207      9.97%     95.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IprAccess         6398      4.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::total           142521                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits              83593                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses              372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses          34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits             88152                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses             106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_acv                  5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses         15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_hits             171745                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_misses              478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_acv                   5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_accesses          49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_hits            162061                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_misses             152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_accesses        162213                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles             4550702034                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            455893                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              455893                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_alu_accesses       438900                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_alu_accesses         3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_func_calls              8667                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus06.num_conditional_control_insts        48447                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_insts             438900                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_insts                3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_reads       630648                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_writes       298010                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_mem_refs              172871                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus06.num_load_insts             84433                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_store_insts            88438                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_idle_cycles     1664951265.090241                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.num_busy_cycles     2885750768.909759                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus06.not_idle_fraction       0.634133                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.idle_fraction           0.365867                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.Branches                   60008                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::No_OpClass         9717      2.13%      2.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntAlu          260547     57.09%     59.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntMult            513      0.11%     59.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     59.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatAdd          1172      0.26%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatDiv           227      0.05%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemRead          86680     18.99%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemWrite         88517     19.40%     98.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IprAccess         9003      1.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::total           456376                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles             4550290594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus07.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus07.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_idle_cycles     4547958320.653377                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.num_busy_cycles     2332273.346624                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus07.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles             4550290679                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus08.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus08.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_idle_cycles     4547958405.609809                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.num_busy_cycles     2332273.390191                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus08.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles             4550290764                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus09.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus09.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_idle_cycles     4547958490.566242                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.num_busy_cycles     2332273.433758                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus09.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles             4550290849                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus10.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus10.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_idle_cycles     4547958575.522675                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.num_busy_cycles     2332273.477325                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus10.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles             4550290934                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus11.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus11.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_idle_cycles     4547958660.479108                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.num_busy_cycles     2332273.520892                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus11.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles             4550291019                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus12.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus12.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_idle_cycles     4547958745.435540                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.num_busy_cycles     2332273.564460                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus12.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles             4550291104                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus13.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus13.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_idle_cycles     4547958830.391973                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.num_busy_cycles     2332273.608027                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus13.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles             4550291189                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus14.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus14.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_idle_cycles     4547958915.348406                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.num_busy_cycles     2332273.651594                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus14.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                 97                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                72                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_hits                169                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_hits                97                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_accesses            97                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles             4550291364                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts               460                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps                 460                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_alu_accesses          433                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_func_calls                16                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus15.num_conditional_control_insts           36                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_insts                433                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_reads          580                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_writes          323                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_mem_refs                 170                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus15.num_load_insts                97                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_store_insts               73                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_idle_cycles     4547390243.004736                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.num_busy_cycles     2901120.995264                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus15.not_idle_fraction       0.000638                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.idle_fraction           0.999362                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.Branches                      60                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntAlu             251     54.57%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemRead            108     23.48%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemWrite            74     16.09%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IprAccess           25      5.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::total              460                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          10050                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             30                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            30                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9022                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         5900                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          308                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           97                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          288                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8614                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8596                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10050                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        22213                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        30691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        52904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side           27                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              52985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       651056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      1118848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      1769904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total          544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total          416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1770992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        18499                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         54359                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.340072                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.473738                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               35873     65.99%     65.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               18486     34.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           54359                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.177398                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                177398443000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2453111407000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 783874                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   783874                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              247404941                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1412764                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   717.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   562066623                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     562066623                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst        42560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        38592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst        17856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        33664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst     15659328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data     10538944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst        42048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data         8896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data         2112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         2240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst       116608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        38784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst        51200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        41664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data         3648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          26646848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        42560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        17856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst     15659328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        42048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         2240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       116608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        51200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     15937920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      6207744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        6207744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst          665                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst          279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst       244677                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data       164671                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst          657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst         1822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst          800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          651                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data           57                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             416357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        96996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             96996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       239912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data       217544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       100655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data       189765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst     88272071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     59408323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       237026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data        50147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        25975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data        11905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data          361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst         6133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data         7937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        12627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data         6133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       657323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data       218626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       288616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data       234861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data          361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst          361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data        20564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            150209030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       239912                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       100655                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst     88272071                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       237026                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        25975                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         6133                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        12627                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       657323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       288616                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst          361                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        89842502                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       34993227                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            34993227                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       34993227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       239912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data       217544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       100655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data       189765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst     88272071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     59408323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       237026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data        50147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        25975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data        11905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst         1804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data          361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst         6133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data         7937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        12627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data         6133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       657323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data       218626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       288616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data       234861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data          361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst          361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data        20564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           185202257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst       384448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data    140663552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        15552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        12224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data         3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst        14784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       161088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        64384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide     47636480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         188971264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       384448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        14784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total       400640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks    120566336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total      120566336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst         6007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data      2197868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data           52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst          231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide       744320                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            2952676                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks      1883849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           1883849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data          722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data        14431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2167144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data    792924389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data        87667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data        68907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data        19842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data        40406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data        18760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        83338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data       908058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst         7937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data       362934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data         1443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data         1804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data          361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide      268528174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           1065236317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2167144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        83338                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         7937                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total         2258419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks      679635818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           679635818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks      679635818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data          722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data        14431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2167144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data    792924389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data        87667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data        68907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data        19842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data        40406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data        18760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        83338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data       908058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst         7937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data       362934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data         1443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data         1804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data          361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide     268528174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          1744872135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu00.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                    184                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.hwrei                     4059                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::0                    945     25.58%     25.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::21                    72      1.95%     27.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::22                   181      4.90%     32.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.03%     32.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::31                  2496     67.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::total               3695                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::0                     945     44.08%     44.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::21                     72      3.36%     47.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::22                    181      8.44%     55.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.05%     55.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::31                    945     44.08%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::total                2144                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::0           177423530500     99.90%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::21               5400000      0.00%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::22               8869000      0.00%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.00%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::31             169021000      0.10%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::total       177606985000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::21                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::31               0.378606                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::total            0.580244                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::swpipl                3189     83.81%     83.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::rdps                   364      9.57%     93.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::rti                    252      6.62%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::total                 3805                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::kernel             254                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.replacements            2884                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         457.015138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs             14517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            2884                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs            5.033634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   405.567568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    51.447570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.792124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.100484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.892608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.898438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          373642                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses         373642                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       118367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        118367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        59940                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        59940                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1429                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1429                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1308                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1308                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       178307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         178307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       178307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        178307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          775                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          775                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          233                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          233                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         3722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         3722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       121314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        60715                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        60715                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1622                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1622                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1541                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1541                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       182029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       182029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       182029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       182029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.024292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012765                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012765                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.118989                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.118989                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.151201                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.151201                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.020447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.020447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          542                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             542                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.icache.tags.replacements            1742                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs            135795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs           77.953502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   456.397525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    55.602475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.891401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.108599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses         1142720                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses        1142720                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       568747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        568747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       568747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         568747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       568747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        568747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst         1742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst         1742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total         1742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst         1742                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total         1742                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       570489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       570489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       570489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       570489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       570489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       570489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.003054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.003054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.003054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1742                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total            1742                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu01.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                    182                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.hwrei                     3171                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::0                    725     25.81%     25.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::22                   181      6.44%     32.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.04%     32.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::31                  1902     67.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::total               2809                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::0                     725     44.45%     44.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::22                    181     11.10%     55.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.06%     55.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::31                    724     44.39%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::total                1631                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::0           176541678500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::22               8869000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::31              93978000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::total       176644690000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::31               0.380652                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::total            0.580634                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::swpipl                2445     81.80%     81.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::rdps                   362     12.11%     93.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::rti                    182      6.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::total                 2989                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::kernel               0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::idle               182                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.replacements            2426                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         438.489803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs             11151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            2426                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs            4.596455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   409.553717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    28.936086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.799910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.056516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.856425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.855469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          245896                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses         245896                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        78741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         78741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        38310                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38310                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          528                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          528                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       117051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         117051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       117051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        117051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          216                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          216                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           62                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           62                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         3201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3201                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         3201                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        81726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        38526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          570                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          570                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       120252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       120252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       120252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       120252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.036524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005607                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.073684                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.073684                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.111311                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.111311                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.026619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.026619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.icache.tags.replacements            1235                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse                483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs             48829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs           39.537652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   463.233282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    19.766718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.904753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.038607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          469                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.943359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses          775835                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses         775835                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       386065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        386065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       386065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         386065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       386065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        386065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst         1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst         1235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total         1235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       387300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       387300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       387300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       387300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       387300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       387300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.003189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.003189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.003189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total            1235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu02.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                   1576                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.hwrei                   869801                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::0                  40047     43.80%     43.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::21                   514      0.56%     44.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::22                   181      0.20%     44.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::31                 50694     55.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::total              91436                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::0                   36220     49.52%     49.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::21                    514      0.70%     50.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::22                    181      0.25%     50.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::31                  36220     49.52%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::total               73135                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::0           170977741500     96.27%     96.27% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::21              36751000      0.02%     96.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::22               8869000      0.00%     96.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::31            6583596000      3.71%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::total       177606957500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::0                0.904437                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::21                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::31               0.714483                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::total            0.799849                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::3                     3498     95.31%     95.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::4                        3      0.08%     95.40% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::6                        5      0.14%     95.53% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::17                     128      3.49%     99.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::45                       6      0.16%     99.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::54                       1      0.03%     99.21% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::71                      16      0.44%     99.65% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::73                       9      0.25%     99.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::144                      2      0.05%     99.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::256                      1      0.03%     99.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::257                      1      0.03%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::total                 3670                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::wripir                  16      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::swpctx                 321      0.08%      0.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::tbi                      5      0.00%      0.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::swpipl               79401     20.33%     20.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::rdps                  3196      0.82%     21.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::wrusp                    1      0.00%     21.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::rti                  11340      2.90%     24.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::callsys               3688      0.94%     25.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::imb                      2      0.00%     25.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::rdunique            292570     74.91%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::wrunique                 1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::total               390541                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::kernel           11660                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::user              7042                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::kernel              7041                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::user                7042                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.603859                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.753021                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      45125657000     25.29%     25.29% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::user       133272339000     74.71%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.swap_context                    321                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.replacements         3253176                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         511.449530                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs          88273316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         3253176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           27.134504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data     0.165537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   511.283993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.000323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.998602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       186361558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses      186361558                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     47673054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      47673054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     38996172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     38996172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       798119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       798119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       831296                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       831296                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     86669226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       86669226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     86669226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      86669226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data      1966924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1966924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data      1254380                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1254380                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        33435                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        33435                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          189                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          189                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data      3221304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total      3221304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data      3221304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total      3221304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     49639978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     49639978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     40250552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     40250552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       831554                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       831554                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       831485                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       831485                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     89890530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     89890530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     89890530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     89890530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.039624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.031164                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031164                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.040208                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.040208                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.035836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.035836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1725644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total         1725644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.icache.tags.replacements          868475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs         350810945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs          868475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs          403.939025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst     0.512382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst   511.487618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.001001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.998999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          309                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses       704256457                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses      704256457                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst    350825516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     350825516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst    350825516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total      350825516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst    350825516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total     350825516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst       868475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       868475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst       868475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total       868475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst       868475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total       868475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst    351693991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    351693991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst    351693991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total    351693991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst    351693991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total    351693991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.002469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.002469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.002469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks       868475                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total          868475                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu03.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                    186                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.hwrei                     3163                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::0                    749     26.82%     26.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::22                   181      6.48%     33.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::30                     2      0.07%     33.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::31                  1861     66.63%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::total               2793                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::0                     749     44.61%     44.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::22                    181     10.78%     55.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::30                      2      0.12%     55.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::31                    747     44.49%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::total                1679                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::0           176537074000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::22               8869000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::30                330500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::31              98331500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::total       176644605000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::31               0.401397                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::total            0.601146                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::swpctx                   3      0.10%      0.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::swpipl                2427     81.50%     81.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::rdps                   365     12.26%     93.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::rti                    183      6.15%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::total                 2978                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::kernel             186                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.swap_context                      3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.replacements             977                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         409.587366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs             17175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           17.579324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   111.168328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   298.419038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.217126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.582850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.799975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.810547                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          182724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses         182724                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        55954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         55954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        32050                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        32050                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          617                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          617                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          562                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          562                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        88004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total          88004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        88004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total         88004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          398                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          398                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        56983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        56983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        32448                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32448                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          643                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          643                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          632                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          632                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        89431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total        89431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        89431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total        89431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.018058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012266                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012266                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.040435                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.040435                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.110759                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.110759                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.icache.tags.replacements            1532                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs             65107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs           42.498042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst    42.495236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst   469.504764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.082999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.917001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses          521850                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses         521850                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       258627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        258627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       258627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         258627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       258627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        258627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst         1532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst         1532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total         1532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst         1532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total         1532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       260159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       260159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       260159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       260159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       260159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       260159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.005889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.005889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.005889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1532                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total            1532                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu04.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                    182                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.hwrei                     3329                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::0                    804     27.10%     27.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::22                   181      6.10%     33.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.03%     33.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::31                  1981     66.77%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::total               2967                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::0                     804     44.94%     44.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::22                    181     10.12%     55.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.06%     55.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::31                    803     44.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::total                1789                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::0           176539885500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::22               8869000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::31              95643500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::total       176644562500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::31               0.405351                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::total            0.602966                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::swpipl                2603     82.71%     82.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::rdps                   362     11.50%     94.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::rti                    182      5.78%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::total                 3147                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::kernel             182                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.replacements            2728                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         430.230313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs             12804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            2728                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs            4.693548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   429.230313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.001953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.838340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.840294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.837891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          251888                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses         251888                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        80276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        39268                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        39268                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          534                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          534                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          503                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          503                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       119544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         119544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       119544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        119544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           57                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           57                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         3511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         3511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        83518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        39537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        39537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          591                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          591                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          571                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          571                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       123055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       123055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       123055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       123055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.038818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006804                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006804                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.096447                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.096447                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.119089                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.119089                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.028532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.028532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          263                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             263                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.icache.tags.replacements            1348                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs             75052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs           55.676558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     1.003711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst   510.996289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.001960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.998040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses          793590                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses         793590                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       394773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        394773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       394773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         394773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       394773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        394773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total         1348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total         1348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       396121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       396121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       396121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       396121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       396121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       396121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.003403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.003403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.003403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1348                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total            1348                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu05.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                    182                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.hwrei                     3171                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::0                    725     25.81%     25.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::22                   181      6.44%     32.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.04%     32.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::31                  1902     67.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::total               2809                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::0                     725     44.45%     44.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::22                    181     11.10%     55.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.06%     55.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::31                    724     44.39%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::total                1631                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::0           176541508500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::22               8869000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::31              93978000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::total       176644520000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::31               0.380652                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::total            0.580634                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::swpipl                2445     81.80%     81.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::rdps                   362     12.11%     93.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::rti                    182      6.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::total                 2989                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::kernel             182                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.replacements            3023                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         439.373258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs             10417                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            3023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs            3.445915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   439.373258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.858151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.858151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          246716                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses         246716                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        78315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         78315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38296                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38296                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          538                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          538                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       116611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         116611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       116611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        116611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           62                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           62                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         3761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         3761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        81846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        38526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          580                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          580                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       120372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       120372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       120372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       120372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.043142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005970                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005970                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.072414                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.072414                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.111311                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.111311                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.031245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.031245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.icache.tags.replacements            1255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs             50788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs           40.468526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst           97                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst          415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.189453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.810547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses          776455                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses         776455                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       386345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        386345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       386345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         386345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       386345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        386345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         1255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         1255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total         1255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         1255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total         1255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       387600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       387600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       387600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       387600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       387600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       387600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.003238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.003238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.003238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total            1255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu06.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                    182                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.hwrei                     3193                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::0                    771     27.23%     27.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::22                   181      6.39%     33.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.04%     33.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::31                  1878     66.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::total               2831                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::0                     771     44.75%     44.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::22                    181     10.50%     55.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.06%     55.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::31                    770     44.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::total                1723                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::0           176541562500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::22               8869000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::31              93881500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::total       176644477500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::31               0.410011                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::total            0.608619                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::swpipl                2467     81.93%     81.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::rdps                   362     12.02%     93.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::rti                    182      6.04%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::total                 3011                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::kernel             182                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.replacements             517                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         448.009820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs              1065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs            2.059961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   448.009820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.875019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.875019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.873047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          170518                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses         170518                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        53328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         53328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        29438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        29438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          575                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          575                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        82766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total          82766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        82766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total         82766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          170                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          170                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           69                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           69                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total          919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          919                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total          919                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        54077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        54077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        29608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        29608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          591                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          591                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          570                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          570                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        83685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total        83685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        83685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total        83685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.013851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005742                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005742                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.027073                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.027073                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.121053                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.121053                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.icache.tags.replacements             671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs             28440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs             671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs           42.384501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses          485739                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses         485739                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       241863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        241863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       241863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         241863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       241863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        241863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst          671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst          671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total          671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst          671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total          671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       242534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       242534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       242534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       242534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       242534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       242534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks          671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total             671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu07.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                    182                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.hwrei                     3171                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::0                    725     25.81%     25.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::22                   181      6.44%     32.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.04%     32.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::31                  1902     67.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::total               2809                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::0                     725     44.45%     44.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::22                    181     11.10%     55.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.06%     55.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::31                    724     44.39%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::total                1631                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::0           176541369500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::22               8869000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::31              93978000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::total       176644381000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::31               0.380652                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::total            0.580634                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::swpipl                2445     81.80%     81.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::rdps                   362     12.11%     93.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::rti                    182      6.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::total                 2989                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::kernel             182                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.replacements            2551                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         449.569841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs             11239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            2551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs            4.405723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   449.569841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.878066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.878066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          451                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.880859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          246455                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses         246455                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        78844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         78844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       117138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         117138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       117138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        117138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          232                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          232                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           62                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           62                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         3318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         3318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        81930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        38526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          587                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          587                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       120456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       120456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       120456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       120456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.037666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006022                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006022                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.071550                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.071550                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.111311                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.111311                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.027545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.027545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          221                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             221                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.icache.tags.replacements            1345                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse                507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs             68390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs           50.847584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   102.029398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst   404.970602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.199276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.790958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses          776965                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses         776965                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       386465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        386465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       386465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         386465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       386465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        386465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst         1345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst         1345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total         1345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst         1345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total         1345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       387810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       387810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       387810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       387810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       387810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       387810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.003468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.003468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.003468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total            1345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu08.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                    183                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.hwrei                     3885                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::0                    920     28.60%     28.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::22                   181      5.63%     34.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.03%     34.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::31                  2115     65.74%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::total               3217                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::0                     920     45.52%     45.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::22                    181      8.96%     54.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.05%     54.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::31                    919     45.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::total                2021                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::0           176318992000     99.93%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::22               8869000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::31             108318000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::total       176436343500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::31               0.434515                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::total            0.628225                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.syscall::2                        1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu08.kern.syscall::3                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu08.kern.syscall::19                       1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu08.kern.syscall::total                    3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::wripir                   1      0.03%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::swpctx                  14      0.41%      0.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::tbi                      2      0.06%      0.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::swpipl                2833     82.72%     83.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::rdps                   362     10.57%     93.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::rdusp                    1      0.03%     93.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::rti                    202      5.90%     99.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::callsys                  9      0.26%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::imb                      1      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::total                 3425                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::kernel             217                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::user                20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::kernel                21                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::user                  20                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.096774                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.172996                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         65966500     43.68%     43.68% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::user           85068500     56.32%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.swap_context                     14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.replacements            8075                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         487.752238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs            126767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            8075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           15.698700                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   487.752238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.952641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.952641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          467                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.943359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          478063                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses         478063                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       141212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        141212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        82195                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82195                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1062                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1062                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1091                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1091                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       223407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         223407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       223407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        223407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          103                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          103                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         8813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8813                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         8813                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       147536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       147536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        84684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        84684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1229                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1229                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1194                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1194                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       232220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       232220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       232220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       232220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.042864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.029392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.135883                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.135883                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.086265                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.086265                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.037951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.037951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3515                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            3515                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.icache.tags.replacements            4125                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs            495005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs            4125                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs          120.001212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst     0.000410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst   511.999460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses         1399724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses        1399724                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       693673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        693673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       693673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         693673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       693673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        693673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         4126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         4126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total         4126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         4126                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total         4126                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       697799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       697799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       697799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       697799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       697799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       697799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.005913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.005913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.005913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total            4125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu09.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                    186                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.hwrei                     3946                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::0                    851     28.38%     28.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::22                   181      6.04%     34.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::30                     2      0.07%     34.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::31                  1965     65.52%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::total               2999                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::0                     851     45.19%     45.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::22                    181      9.61%     54.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::30                      2      0.11%     54.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::31                    849     45.09%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::total                1883                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::0           176533250500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::22               8869000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::30                330500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::31             101942500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::total       176644392500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::31               0.432061                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::total            0.627876                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.syscall::6                        1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu09.kern.syscall::48                       1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu09.kern.syscall::59                       1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu09.kern.syscall::total                    3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::swpctx                  57      1.75%      1.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::tbi                      4      0.12%      1.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::swpipl                2566     78.91%     80.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::rdps                   365     11.22%     92.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::rti                    250      7.69%     99.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::callsys                  9      0.28%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::imb                      1      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::total                 3252                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::kernel             307                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::user                67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::kernel                67                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::user                  67                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.218241                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.358289                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       1312362500     99.36%     99.36% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::user            8405000      0.64%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.swap_context                     57                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.replacements            2882                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         428.891327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs             49751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            2882                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           17.262665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data     0.305479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   428.585848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.000597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.837082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.837678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.837891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          255960                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses         255960                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        77433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         77433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        43385                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        43385                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1008                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1008                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       120818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         120818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       120818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        120818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          937                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          937                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           51                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           51                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           73                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           73                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         3416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3416                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         3416                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        79912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        79912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        44322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        44322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1059                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1059                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1023                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1023                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       124234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       124234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       124234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       124234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.031022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.048159                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.048159                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.071359                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.071359                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.027496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.027496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1218                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1218                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.icache.tags.replacements            2292                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs            150880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs            2292                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs           65.828970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst    38.378775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst   473.621225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.074959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.925041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses          779530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses         779530                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       386327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        386327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       386327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         386327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       386327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        386327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst         2292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst         2292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total         2292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst         2292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total         2292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       388619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       388619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       388619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       388619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       388619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       388619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.005898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total            2292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu10.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                    182                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.hwrei                     3171                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::0                    725     25.81%     25.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::22                   181      6.44%     32.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.04%     32.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::31                  1902     67.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::total               2809                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::0                     725     44.45%     44.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::22                    181     11.10%     55.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.06%     55.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::31                    724     44.39%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::total                1631                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::0           176541338500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::22               8869000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::31              93978000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::total       176644350000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::31               0.380652                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::total            0.580634                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::swpipl                2445     81.80%     81.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::rdps                   362     12.11%     93.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::rti                    182      6.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::total                 2989                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::kernel             182                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.replacements            2533                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         398.449691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs             11072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            2533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs            4.371101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   379.929799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    18.519893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.742050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.036172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.778222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.775391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          246712                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses         246712                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        78916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         78916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        38343                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38343                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          555                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          555                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          494                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          494                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       117259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         117259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       117259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        117259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          183                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          183                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           63                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           63                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         3317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         3317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        82050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        38526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          597                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          597                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       120576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       120576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       120576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       120576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.038196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004750                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004750                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.070352                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.070352                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.113106                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.113106                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.027510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.027510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.icache.tags.replacements            1236                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs             48927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs           39.584951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   404.253498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    20.746502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.789558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.040521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses          777456                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses         777456                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       386874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        386874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       386874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         386874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       386874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        386874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst         1236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst         1236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total         1236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       388110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       388110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       388110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       388110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       388110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       388110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.003185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.003185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.003185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1236                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total            1236                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu11.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                    182                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.hwrei                     3171                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::0                    725     25.81%     25.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::22                   181      6.44%     32.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.04%     32.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::31                  1902     67.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::total               2809                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::0                     725     44.45%     44.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::22                    181     11.10%     55.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.06%     55.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::31                    724     44.39%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::total                1631                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::0           176541296000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::22               8869000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::31              93978000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::total       176644307500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::31               0.380652                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::total            0.580634                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::swpipl                2445     81.80%     81.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::rdps                   362     12.11%     93.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::rti                    182      6.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::total                 2989                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::kernel             182                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.replacements            2473                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         391.357911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs             10147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            2473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs            4.103114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   375.619299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    15.738612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.733631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.030739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.764371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.759766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          246738                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses         246738                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        79005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        38344                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38344                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          558                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          558                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       117349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         117349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       117349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        117349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          182                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          182                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           62                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           62                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         3263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         3263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        38526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          600                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          600                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       120612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       120612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       120612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       120612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.037534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.070000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.070000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.111311                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.111311                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.027054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.027054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.icache.tags.replacements            1235                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs             48829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs           39.537652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   405.233290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    19.766710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.791471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.038607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses          777635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses         777635                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       386965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        386965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       386965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         386965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       386965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        386965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst         1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst         1235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total         1235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       388200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       388200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       388200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       388200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       388200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       388200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.003181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.003181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.003181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total            1235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu12.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                    182                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.hwrei                     3171                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::0                    725     25.81%     25.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::22                   181      6.44%     32.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.04%     32.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::31                  1902     67.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::total               2809                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::0                     725     44.45%     44.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::22                    181     11.10%     55.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.06%     55.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::31                    724     44.39%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::total                1631                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::0           176541253500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::22               8869000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::31              93978000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::total       176644265000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::31               0.380652                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::total            0.580634                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::swpipl                2445     81.80%     81.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::rdps                   362     12.11%     93.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::rti                    182      6.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::total                 2989                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::kernel             182                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.replacements            2534                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         397.377765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs             11111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            2534                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs            4.384767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   379.661529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    17.716235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.741526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.034602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.776128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.771484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          246886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses         246886                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        78970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         78970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          561                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          561                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       117315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         117315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       117315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        117315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          181                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          181                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           62                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           62                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         3333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3333                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         3333                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        82122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        38526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          603                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          603                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       120648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       120648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       120648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       120648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.038382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004698                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004698                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.069652                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.069652                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.111311                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.111311                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.027626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.027626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.icache.tags.replacements            1235                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs             48829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs           39.537652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   405.233289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    19.766711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.791471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.038607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses          777815                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses         777815                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       387055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        387055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       387055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         387055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       387055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        387055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst         1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst         1235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total         1235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       388290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       388290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       388290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       388290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       388290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       388290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.003181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.003181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.003181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total            1235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu13.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                    182                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.hwrei                     3171                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::0                    725     25.81%     25.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::22                   181      6.44%     32.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.04%     32.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::31                  1902     67.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::total               2809                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::0                     725     44.45%     44.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::22                    181     11.10%     55.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.06%     55.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::31                    724     44.39%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::total                1631                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::0           176541211000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::22               8869000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::31              93978000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::total       176644222500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::31               0.380652                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::total            0.580634                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::swpipl                2445     81.80%     81.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::rdps                   362     12.11%     93.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::rti                    182      6.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::total                 2989                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::kernel             182                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.replacements            2434                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         389.356500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs             10356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            2434                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs            4.254725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   372.819775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    16.536725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.728164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.032298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.760462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.755859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          246911                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses         246911                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        79060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          564                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          564                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          494                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       117402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         117402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       117402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        117402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          184                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          184                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           63                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           63                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         3282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         3282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        82158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        38526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          606                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          606                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       120684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       120684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       120684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       120684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.037708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004776                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004776                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.069307                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.069307                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.113106                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.113106                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.027195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.027195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.icache.tags.replacements            1235                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs             48829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs           39.537652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   405.233287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    19.766713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.791471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.038607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses          777995                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses         777995                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       387145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        387145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       387145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         387145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       387145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        387145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst         1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst         1235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total         1235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       388380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       388380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       388380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       388380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       388380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       388380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.003180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.003180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.003180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total            1235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu14.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                    182                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.hwrei                     3171                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::0                    725     25.81%     25.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::22                   181      6.44%     32.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.04%     32.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::31                  1902     67.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::total               2809                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::0                     725     44.45%     44.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::22                    181     11.10%     55.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.06%     55.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::31                    724     44.39%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::total                1631                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::0           176541168500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::22               8869000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::31              93978000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::total       176644180000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::31               0.380652                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::total            0.580634                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::swpipl                2445     81.80%     81.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::rdps                   362     12.11%     93.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::rti                    182      6.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::total                 2989                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::kernel             182                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.replacements            2499                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         394.206273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs             11060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            2499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs            4.425770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   372.728077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    21.478196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.727985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.041950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.769934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.765625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          247059                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses         247059                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        79025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38344                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38344                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          567                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          567                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          494                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          494                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       117369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         117369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       117369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        117369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          182                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          182                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           63                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           63                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         3351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         3351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        82194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        38526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       120720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       120720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       120720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       120720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.038555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.068966                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.068966                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.113106                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.113106                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.027758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.027758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.icache.tags.replacements            1235                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs             48829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           39.537652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   404.233286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    20.766714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.789518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.040560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses          778175                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses         778175                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       387235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        387235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       387235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         387235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       387235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        387235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst         1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst         1235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total         1235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       388470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       388470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       388470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       388470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       388470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       388470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.003179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.003179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.003179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total            1235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu15.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                    182                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.hwrei                     3195                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::0                    736     25.98%     25.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::22                   181      6.39%     32.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::30                     2      0.07%     32.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::31                  1914     67.56%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::total               2833                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::0                     736     44.47%     44.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::22                    181     10.94%     55.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::30                      2      0.12%     55.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::31                    736     44.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::total                1655                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::0           176540847000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::22               8869000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::30                195000      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::31              94181500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::total       176644092500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::31               0.384535                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::total            0.584186                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::swpipl                2469     81.94%     81.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::rdps                   362     12.01%     93.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::rti                    182      6.04%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::total                 3013                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::kernel             182                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.replacements            2456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         439.342120                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs             10594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            2456                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs            4.313518                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   410.670722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    28.671398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.802091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.055999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.858090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          248199                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses         248199                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        79439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          583                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          583                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          498                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          498                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       117905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         117905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       117905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        117905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          191                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          191                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           61                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           61                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         3361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         3361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        82609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        38657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          627                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          627                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          559                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          559                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       121266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       121266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       121266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       121266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.038374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.070175                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.070175                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.109123                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.109123                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.027716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.027716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.icache.tags.replacements            1235                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse                431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs             48748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs           39.472065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   411.181865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    19.818135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.803090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.038707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.841797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.841797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses          781267                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses         781267                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       388781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        388781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       388781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         388781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       388781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        388781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst         1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst         1235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total         1235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       390016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       390016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       390016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       390016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       390016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       390016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.003167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.003167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.003167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total            1235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                6058                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                 49750016                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       6088                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7313                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7313                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              789421                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             789421                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         9088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        24672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        35532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1557936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1557936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1593468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        36352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          363                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        13878                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        53272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     49763008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total     49763008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 49816280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               778968                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               778968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              7010712                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             7010712                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             1624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       777344                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       777344                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         1624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total              1624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         1624                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total             1624                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           1624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       777344                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       777344                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         1624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total            1624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         1624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total           1624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          777344                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               777344                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests       8269335                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3906221                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       629971                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         2820890                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      2678186                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       142704                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                5685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            2886250                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               9878                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              9878                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1726653                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean       657453                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1348170                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1222                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            554                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1776                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1254547                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1254547                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         872984                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2007581                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        11825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      2393158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      9610401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               12037178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       136128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       246383                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        83648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       213680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     97579712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    318753737                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       148480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       103948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total               417265716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         10654315                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          18937735                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.238618                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.555394                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                15313618     80.86%     80.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 3023992     15.97%     96.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                  316588      1.67%     98.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                  272439      1.44%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                   11098      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            18937735                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         29984                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         9024                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        16259                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           63659                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9122                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        54537                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              15384                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                728                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               728                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2325                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              433                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            261                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             694                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq               468                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp              468                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4619                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10765                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         9545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         8702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         1468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3163                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         7816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  38783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       111872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       239344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        80640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       260528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        51008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        58928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       116352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       223920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1142592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          9863487                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           9892720                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.022878                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.270159                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 9808053     99.14%     99.14% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   18011      0.18%     99.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   25449      0.26%     99.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                    7416      0.07%     99.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                   33791      0.34%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             9892720                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests         53152                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        20243                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        18214                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          169049                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       121067                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        47982                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                   4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              24213                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                743                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp               743                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5068                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4481                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4927                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              554                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            301                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             855                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3237                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3237                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           8889                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         15320                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        11153                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        25472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         5758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         9738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         2473                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         7432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         2875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         7671                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                  72572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       449728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       788152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       221824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       292428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        79168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       219248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       104960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       218032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                 2373540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                          9868495                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples           9919461                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.032909                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.281492                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                 9726556     98.06%     98.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                  131578      1.33%     99.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                   18543      0.19%     99.57% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                   13365      0.13%     99.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                   29419      0.30%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total             9919461                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests         33549                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8936                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        19997                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           44538                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1575                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        42963                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              17699                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                728                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp               728                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          678                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1235                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2349                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              428                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            249                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             677                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq               310                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp              310                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4940                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         12759                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         2995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         9193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         2470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         7356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         2470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         7539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         3180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         7887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                  43090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       112640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       220528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        79040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       218992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        79040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       221552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       124480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       224560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                 1280832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                          6673175                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples           6706253                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.032533                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.338364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                 6636930     98.97%     98.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                   10139      0.15%     99.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                    9367      0.14%     99.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                    9969      0.15%     99.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                   39848      0.59%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total             6706253                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             2710678                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            4008.425337                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               3725799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             2710678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                1.374490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   916.617576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst     0.007136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data     0.002585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst     2.286525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data     1.452631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst     0.996577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data     1.099231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     1.859440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     1.332485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     0.798215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data     4.197836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst   253.792246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  2821.590319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.016538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data     0.375996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.223784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.000558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.000355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.000243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.000268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.000325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.001025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.061961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.688865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.978619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4049                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          554                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1633                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1467                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988525                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses            66855706                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses           66855706                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1726653                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1726653                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       657453                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total       657453                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       303688                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total          303707                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst          956                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       617779                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          875                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       620687                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2241                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          372                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       576704                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          590                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       579907                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst          956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       617779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       880392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            1504301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst         1077                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2241                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst          956                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          372                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       617779                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       880392                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          875                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          609                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           1504301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          651                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          105                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          263                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          114                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1133                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          226                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          166                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          505                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       950337                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          229                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total        950725                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst          665                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst          279                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst       250696                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst          657                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       252297                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          565                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2256                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data      1416731                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          198                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1419750                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst          665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst          279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst       250696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data      2367068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst          657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          2622772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst          665                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          647                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst          279                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2333                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst       250696                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data      2367068                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst          657                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          427                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         2622772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1726653                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1726653                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       657453                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total       657453                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          651                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          105                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          265                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          114                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1135                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          168                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          508                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1254025                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          248                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1254432                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst         1742                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst         1235                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       868475                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst         1532                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       872984                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         2806                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         2628                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1993435                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          788                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1999657                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst         1742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         2888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         2705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       868475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3247460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst         1532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total        4127073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst         1742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         2888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst         1235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         2705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       868475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3247460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst         1532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total       4127073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.992453                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998238                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.995595                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.988095                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994094                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.757829                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.923387                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.757893                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.381745                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.225911                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.288662                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.428851                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.289005                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.201354                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.858447                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.710698                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.251269                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.709997                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.381745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.224030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.225911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.862477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.288662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.728898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.428851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.412162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.635504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.381745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.224030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.225911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.862477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.288662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.728898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.428851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.412162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.635504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks        1198405                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total             1198405                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                 438                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3761.230365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                   478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                 438                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.091324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1392.477899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    83.722397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   139.538953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     4.893442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     2.966911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst   475.372900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   503.868516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst   507.951745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   644.437603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.339960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.020440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.034067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.000724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.116058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.123015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.124012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.157333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.918269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3739                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3731                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.912842                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              161522                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             161522                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1004                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         1004                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total              11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst         1276                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst         1250                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst          652                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst         1294                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4472                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2493                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3274                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          650                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1283                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         7700                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst         1250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst          652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              12183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst         1276                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2497                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst         1250                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3274                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst          652                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          651                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst         1294                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1289                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             12183                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          114                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          105                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          109                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          105                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          433                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           67                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          244                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           89                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total           386                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           72                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          147                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          388                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           90                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1664                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2148                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             2681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          504                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data           95                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1785                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            2681                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1004                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1004                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          114                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          105                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          109                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          105                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          433                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           67                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           64                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          245                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           89                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          397                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1348                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         1255                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst          671                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst         1345                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4619                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2881                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          740                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2947                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         9848                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         1255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst          671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst         1345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          14864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         1255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst          671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst         1345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         14864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.984375                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.995918                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.983607                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.952756                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.972292                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.053412                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.003984                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.028316                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.037918                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.031825                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.134675                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001829                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.121622                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.564642                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.218115                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.053412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.167944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.003984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.028198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.028316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.187266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.037918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.580677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.180369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.053412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.167944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.003984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.028198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.028316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.187266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.037918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.580677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks            172                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                 172                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                9707                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3863.694384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                  7961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                9707                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                0.820130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1397.868188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst     2.000106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst     2.002967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data     1.001656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst   381.516808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   532.064105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst   785.366141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   745.863730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     1.959587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     1.981601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     0.979793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     8.089702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.341276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.000489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.093144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.129898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.191740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.182096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.000484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.001975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.943285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3836                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3833                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.936523                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses              348881                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses             348881                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5068                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5068                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4481                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total         4481                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          217                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total             285                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst         2039                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst         1438                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst         1234                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst         1234                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         5945                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3759                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1437                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2900                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1350                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         9446                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst         2039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst         1438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst         1234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst         1234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total              15676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst         2039                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3976                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst         1438                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst         1234                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2900                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst         1234                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1350                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total             15676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          199                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          105                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          533                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           96                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          269                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2033                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          729                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total          2879                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         2087                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          854                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2944                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2263                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1016                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1626                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4909                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         2087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total            10732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         2087                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4296                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          854                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1745                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1703                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total           10732                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5068                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5068                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4481                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4481                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          199                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          125                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          105                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          536                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           96                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          269                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2250                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          797                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         4126                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst         2292                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst         1236                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst         1235                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         8889                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6022                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2453                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2904                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2976                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        14355                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         4126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst         2292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total          26408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         4126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst         2292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst         1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst         1235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total         26408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.976000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994403                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.903556                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.914680                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.909924                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.505817                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.372600                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001618                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000810                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.331196                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.375789                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.414187                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001377                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.546371                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.341971                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.505817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.519342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.372600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.536923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.014946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.557812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.406392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.505817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.519342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.372600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.536923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.014946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.557812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.406392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks           5802                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                5802                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            2075.627307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   538.339724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   251.001214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   412.001214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     3.109628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    14.175528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.131431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.104004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.061280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.034180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.029297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.041748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.100586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.000759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.003461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.506745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2061                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2059                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.503174                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses              177707                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses             177707                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          678                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          678                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1235                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total         1235                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst         1235                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst         1235                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst         1235                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst         1235                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4940                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2449                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2840                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3047                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1540                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         9876                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total              14837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst         1235                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2453                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst         1235                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2845                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst         1235                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3051                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst         1235                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1548                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total             14837                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          105                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          106                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          428                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          232                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total           182                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          322                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1626                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1950                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total             2132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          358                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1699                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total            2132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          678                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          678                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1235                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1235                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          105                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          106                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          428                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          232                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst         1235                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst         1235                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst         1235                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst         1235                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4940                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2771                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         2841                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3048                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3166                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        11826                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         2883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total          16969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst         1235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst         1235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         2883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst         1235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst         1235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total         16969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.900000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.880952                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.900000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.901235                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.896552                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.116204                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000352                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.513582                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.164891                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.127357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.013181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.523252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.125641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.127357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.013181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.523252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               5689                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           1684232                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             12077                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            12077                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1975950                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1160474                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3106                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1329                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           4196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           951009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          950569                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1678543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       777344                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       777344                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       998278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      6608308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        31126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      7637712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        16540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        20946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        99072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      2236209                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2335281                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               9993939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     30683136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side    213857088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        35764                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    244575988                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       329792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        17508                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       347300                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      2113536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     47740416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     49853952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              294777240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         6372573                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         13036292                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.488832                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499875                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                6663730     51.12%     51.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                6372562     48.88%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           13036292                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              2295                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             541                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           260                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            785                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              349                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             278                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2295                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         8646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total         8646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                  8646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       181504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       181504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 181504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                         9864899                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          9866130                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.999538                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.021494                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                   4560      0.05%      0.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                9861570     99.95%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            9866130                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              7857                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq               743                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp              743                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5802                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3163                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             670                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           301                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            921                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2833                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2760                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7853                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        33650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        33650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                 33650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side      1056420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total      1056420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                1056420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                         9860176                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples          9877224                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.997837                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046463                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                  21369      0.22%      0.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                9855855     99.78%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total            9877224                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp           1300707                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq               728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp              728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1883849                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1056264                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1654291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1653975                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1300707                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port           35                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side         7129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total         7164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      8846450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      8846450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total               8853614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side       132800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total       133056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port    309538752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total    309538752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total              309671808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                          780866                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples          6675620                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.116604                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.320948                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                5897216     88.34%     88.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                 778404     11.66%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total            6675620                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements      3177782                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.896207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs      3177782                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.000200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.187793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data     0.001153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.001162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     0.053659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data     9.648730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data     0.003702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.386737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.003354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.603046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.000231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses     51202143                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses     51202143                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1878954                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1878954                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          365                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          365                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          153                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total          518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          518                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total          518                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          268                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          283                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       906764                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          217                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       907020                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst         6007                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data      1293257                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           55                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1299323                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide       744320                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total       744320                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst         6007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data      2200021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total      2206343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst         6007                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data      2200021                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          272                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total      2206343                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1878954                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1878954                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          268                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          283                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       907129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          217                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       907385                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst         6007                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1293410                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           55                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1299476                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       744320                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       744320                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst         6007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2200539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total      2206861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst         6007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2200539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total      2206861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.999598                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999598                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.999882                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999882                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.999765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.999765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks      1878432                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total      1878432                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         1681                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse     3.949681                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           32                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         1681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.019036                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.584171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     0.060495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     0.173330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     0.044030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.011014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     0.008770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     0.287653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     0.042350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data     2.737868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.036511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.003781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.010833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.002752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.000688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.017978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.171117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.246855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        32705                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        32705                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          109                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          541                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           67                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          244                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           72                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          388                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           90                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1664                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2295                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         2573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           72                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          468                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data           59                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1749                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         2573                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          109                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          541                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           67                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           72                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          388                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           90                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1664                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2295                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           72                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           59                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         2573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           72                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           59                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         2573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          175                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          175                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements        12771                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse     3.736445                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs           85                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs        12771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.006656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.647255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     0.192749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     0.222715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     0.116983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     0.019911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     2.536817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.040453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.012047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.013920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.007311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.001244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.158551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.233528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses       180402                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses       180402                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5802                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5802                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          241                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          127                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          652                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           96                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          269                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1988                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          724                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total         2757                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         2087                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2262                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          854                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1015                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1626                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7851                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         2087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total        10608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         2087                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4250                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          854                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1739                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1667                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total        10608                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5802                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5802                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          241                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          127                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          652                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           96                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          269                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1991                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          724                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2760                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         2087                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2263                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          854                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1016                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1626                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7853                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         2087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total        10613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         2087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total        10613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.998493                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998913                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.999558                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.999016                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999745                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.999060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.999425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.999060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.999425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks         5806                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total         5806                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements         1053                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse     2.668201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           35                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs         1053                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.033238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     0.028169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     2.640033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.001761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.165002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.166763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses        24192                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses        24192                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          564                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           60                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          228                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          320                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1625                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1947                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          320                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1661                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total         1984                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          564                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           60                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          228                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          320                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1625                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1947                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total         1984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         4317                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse     3.356405                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         4317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.095668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.204781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     0.110045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     0.143610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     0.066051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     0.154136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     0.016553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data     0.000030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     0.142017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     0.091896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     0.053808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     0.003064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     0.005501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     0.005498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     0.000002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     2.359404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.012799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.008976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.004128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.009633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.008876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.005743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.003363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.000191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.000344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.000344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.147463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.209775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        89913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        89913                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          201                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          201                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          512                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          231                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          505                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          219                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1567                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total         1567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          512                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          231                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          505                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          219                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total         1567                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          147                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          140                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1637                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           64                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          685                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           80                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           72                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          263                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         1822                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          628                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          800                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          654                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          520                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4872                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         1822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         4952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           72                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          267                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data           26                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         1822                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          654                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          800                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          664                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          556                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         4952                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          201                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          201                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          147                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          140                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1637                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           64                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          686                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           72                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          264                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          529                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         1856                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          859                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          832                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          661                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          507                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          223                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          522                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6439                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           72                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         1856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         6519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           72                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         1856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         6519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.983051                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998542                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.996212                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.894737                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.892857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.686275                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.032136                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.981681                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.731083                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.989410                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003945                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017937                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.996169                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.756639                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.996269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.894737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.896552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.686275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.033962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.981681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.738983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.989568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.996416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.759626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.996269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.894737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.896552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.686275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.033962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.981681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.738983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.989568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.996416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.759626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          201                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          201                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements      3182801                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.891239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs          385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs      3182801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.130795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.000002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     0.053074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data     9.703409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data     0.000177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     0.000316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     0.000058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     0.001281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     0.000897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.383175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.003317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.606463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.000056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses     51986817                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses     51986817                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1884212                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1884212                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          214                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total          367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          364                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total          367                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          170                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          183                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       906533                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1885                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide       744320                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total      1653937                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst         6007                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data      1291348                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           40                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          115                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           55                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst          231                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          632                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           22                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          298                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1298757                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst         6007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data      2197881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst          231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       744320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total      2952694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst         6007                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data      2197881                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          243                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data           55                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          112                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           52                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst          231                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2517                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1012                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       744320                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total      2952694                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1884212                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1884212                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          170                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          183                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       906683                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1885                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          714                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       744320                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1654087                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst         6007                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1291562                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           40                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          115                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           55                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          231                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          633                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           22                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          300                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1298974                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst         6007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2198245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           55                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           52                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       744320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total      2953061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst         6007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2198245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           55                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           52                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           22                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       744320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total      2953061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.999835                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.999834                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.998420                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.993333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999833                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.999834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.999603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.998028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.999834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.999603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.998028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks      1883849                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total      1883849                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits             123223                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits             62806                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_hits             186029                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_hits             51617                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_accesses         51617                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              355214296                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts            570489                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps              570489                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_alu_accesses       550128                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_func_calls             29364                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus00.num_conditional_control_insts        43215                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_insts             550128                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_reads       746692                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_writes       434855                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_mem_refs              186355                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus00.num_load_insts            123367                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_store_insts            62988                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_idle_cycles     354643321.049066                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.num_busy_cycles     570974.950934                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus00.not_idle_fraction       0.001607                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.idle_fraction           0.998393                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.Branches                   82323                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::No_OpClass         2177      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntAlu          358709     62.88%     63.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntMult           1987      0.35%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemRead         127202     22.30%     85.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemWrite         63350     11.10%     97.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IprAccess        17064      2.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::total           570489                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits              82296                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits             39278                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_hits             121574                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_hits             37831                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_accesses         37831                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              353289562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            387300                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              387300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_alu_accesses       373827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_func_calls             15370                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus01.num_conditional_control_insts        31233                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_insts             373827                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_reads       516620                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_writes       299188                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_mem_refs              121756                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus01.num_load_insts             82296                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_store_insts            39460                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_idle_cycles     352904088.637470                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.num_busy_cycles     385473.362530                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus01.not_idle_fraction       0.001091                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.idle_fraction           0.998909                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.Branches                   53823                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::No_OpClass         1739      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntAlu          248217     64.09%     64.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntMult           1553      0.40%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemRead          83457     21.55%     86.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemWrite         39460     10.19%     96.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IprAccess        12874      3.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::total           387300                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits           50126170                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses           460524                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses       37852875                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits          41101256                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses           16144                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_acv                  3                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses      30066267                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_hits           91227426                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_misses           476668                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_acv                   3                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_accesses       67919142                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_hits         267910077                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_misses            1894                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_accesses     267911971                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              355215518                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         351217320                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           351217320                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_alu_accesses    296961258                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_alu_accesses     56701332                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_func_calls          11429609                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus02.num_conditional_control_insts     28016388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_insts          296961258                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_insts            56701332                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_reads    445737800                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_writes    207575190                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_reads     37791925                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_writes     37786409                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_mem_refs            92055870                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus02.num_load_insts          50937306                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_store_insts         41118564                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_idle_cycles     3106212.555402                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.num_busy_cycles     352109305.444598                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus02.not_idle_fraction       0.991255                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.idle_fraction           0.008745                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.Branches                40674672                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::No_OpClass     29004964      8.25%      8.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntAlu       182493921     51.89%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntMult        7626903      2.17%     62.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     62.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatAdd      18904064      5.38%     67.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCmp            72      0.00%     67.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCvt      11333951      3.22%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatMult           70      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatDiv       3777973      1.07%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemRead       51880588     14.75%     86.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemWrite      41138768     11.70%     98.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IprAccess      5532717      1.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::total        351693991                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits              57613                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses             22                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits             33275                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_hits              90888                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_misses                2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_accesses             22                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_hits             37924                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_accesses         37924                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              353289396                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            260157                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps              260157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_alu_accesses       248166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_alu_accesses          141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_func_calls             11232                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus03.num_conditional_control_insts        17474                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_insts             248166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_insts                 141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_reads       337078                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_writes       195313                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_mem_refs               91099                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus03.num_load_insts             57632                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_store_insts            33467                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_idle_cycles     353030527.594526                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.num_busy_cycles     258868.405474                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus03.not_idle_fraction       0.000733                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.idle_fraction           0.999267                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.Branches                   34260                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::No_OpClass         1838      0.71%      0.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntAlu          152141     58.48%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntMult            956      0.37%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatAdd            11      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemRead          58873     22.63%     82.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemWrite         33471     12.87%     95.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IprAccess        12869      4.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::total           260159                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits              84109                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits             40308                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_hits             124417                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_hits             39253                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_accesses         39253                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              353289307                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            396121                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps              396121                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_alu_accesses       382266                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_func_calls             15666                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus04.num_conditional_control_insts        31903                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_insts             382266                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_reads       528160                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_writes       305900                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_mem_refs              124599                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus04.num_load_insts             84109                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_store_insts            40490                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_idle_cycles     352895050.397298                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.num_busy_cycles     394256.602702                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus04.not_idle_fraction       0.001116                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.idle_fraction           0.998884                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.Branches                   54980                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::No_OpClass         1745      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntAlu          253526     64.00%     64.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntMult           1557      0.39%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemRead          85297     21.53%     86.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemWrite         40490     10.22%     96.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IprAccess        13506      3.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::total           396121                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits              82426                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits             39288                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_hits             121714                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_hits             37831                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_accesses         37831                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              353289222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            387600                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              387600                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_alu_accesses       374117                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_func_calls             15370                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus05.num_conditional_control_insts        31373                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_insts             374117                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_reads       516920                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_writes       299338                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_mem_refs              121896                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus05.num_load_insts             82426                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_store_insts            39470                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_idle_cycles     352903450.283255                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.num_busy_cycles     385771.716745                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus05.not_idle_fraction       0.001092                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.idle_fraction           0.998908                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.Branches                   53973                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::No_OpClass         1739      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntAlu          248377     64.08%     64.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntMult           1553      0.40%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemRead          83587     21.57%     86.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemWrite         39470     10.18%     96.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IprAccess        12874      3.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::total           387600                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits              54668                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits             30378                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_hits              85046                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_hits             38029                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_accesses         38029                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              353289137                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            242534                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              242534                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_alu_accesses       230955                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_func_calls             10438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus06.num_conditional_control_insts        15704                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_insts             230955                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_reads       312971                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_writes       183222                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_mem_refs               85228                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus06.num_load_insts             54668                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_store_insts            30560                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_idle_cycles     353047814.901898                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.num_busy_cycles     241322.098102                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus06.not_idle_fraction       0.000683                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.idle_fraction           0.999317                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.Branches                   31577                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::No_OpClass         1619      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntAlu          140666     58.00%     58.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntMult            909      0.37%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemRead          55818     23.01%     82.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemWrite         30560     12.60%     94.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IprAccess        12962      5.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::total           242534                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits              82517                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits             39295                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_hits             121812                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_hits             37831                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_accesses         37831                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              353288944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            387810                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps              387810                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_alu_accesses       374320                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_func_calls             15370                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus07.num_conditional_control_insts        31471                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_insts             374320                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_reads       517130                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_writes       299443                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_mem_refs              121994                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus07.num_load_insts             82517                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_store_insts            39477                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_idle_cycles     352902963.479348                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.num_busy_cycles     385980.520652                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus07.not_idle_fraction       0.001093                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.idle_fraction           0.998907                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.Branches                   54078                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::No_OpClass         1739      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntAlu          248489     64.07%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntMult           1553      0.40%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemRead          83678     21.58%     86.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemWrite         39477     10.18%     96.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IprAccess        12874      3.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::total           387810                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits             148635                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses              129                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses          37911                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits             86069                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses              18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_acv                 10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses         22091                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_hits             234704                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_misses              147                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_acv                  10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_accesses          60002                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_hits            212281                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_misses             121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_accesses        212402                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              352872422                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            697642                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps              697642                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_alu_accesses       674451                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_alu_accesses          373                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_func_calls             23575                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus08.num_conditional_control_insts        65235                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_insts             674451                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_insts                 373                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_reads       927687                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_writes       515286                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_reads          208                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_mem_refs              235216                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus08.num_load_insts            148894                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_store_insts            86322                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_idle_cycles     352178468.620770                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.num_busy_cycles     693953.379230                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus08.not_idle_fraction       0.001967                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.idle_fraction           0.998033                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.Branches                   98472                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::No_OpClass         7252      1.04%      1.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntAlu          434116     62.21%     63.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntMult           1739      0.25%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatAdd            46      0.01%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatDiv             3      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemRead         151070     21.65%     85.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemWrite         86603     12.41%     97.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IprAccess        16970      2.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::total           697799                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits              80434                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses              326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_acv                  12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses           1906                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits             45470                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses              39                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_acv                  9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses           940                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_hits             125904                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_misses              365                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_acv                  21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_accesses           2846                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_hits             61184                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_misses             125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_accesses         61309                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              353288971                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            388233                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              388233                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_alu_accesses       371366                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_alu_accesses          239                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_func_calls             13394                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus09.num_conditional_control_insts        34591                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_insts             371366                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_insts                 239                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_reads       498299                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_writes       288293                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_reads          120                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_writes          121                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_mem_refs              127185                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus09.num_load_insts             81313                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_store_insts            45872                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_idle_cycles     352902064.402423                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.num_busy_cycles     386906.597577                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus09.not_idle_fraction       0.001095                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.idle_fraction           0.998905                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.Branches                   54476                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::No_OpClass         4416      1.14%      1.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntAlu          234513     60.35%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntMult           1054      0.27%     61.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     61.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatAdd            32      0.01%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatDiv             3      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemRead          83508     21.49%     83.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemWrite         45894     11.81%     95.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IprAccess        19199      4.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::total           388619                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits              82647                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits             39305                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_hits             121952                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_hits             37831                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_accesses         37831                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              353288882                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            388110                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              388110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_alu_accesses       374610                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_func_calls             15370                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus10.num_conditional_control_insts        31611                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_insts             374610                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_reads       517430                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_writes       299593                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_mem_refs              122134                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus10.num_load_insts             82647                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_store_insts            39487                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_idle_cycles     352902602.822184                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.num_busy_cycles     386279.177816                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus10.not_idle_fraction       0.001093                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.idle_fraction           0.998907                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.Branches                   54228                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::No_OpClass         1739      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntAlu          248649     64.07%     64.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntMult           1553      0.40%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemRead          83808     21.59%     86.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemWrite         39487     10.17%     96.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IprAccess        12874      3.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::total           388110                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits              82686                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits             39308                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_hits             121994                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_hits             37831                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_accesses         37831                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              353288797                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            388200                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              388200                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_alu_accesses       374697                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_func_calls             15370                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus11.num_conditional_control_insts        31653                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_insts             374697                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_reads       517520                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_writes       299638                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_mem_refs              122176                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus11.num_load_insts             82686                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_store_insts            39490                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_idle_cycles     352902428.297673                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.num_busy_cycles     386368.702327                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus11.not_idle_fraction       0.001094                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.idle_fraction           0.998906                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.Branches                   54273                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::No_OpClass         1739      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntAlu          248697     64.06%     64.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntMult           1553      0.40%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemRead          83847     21.60%     86.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemWrite         39490     10.17%     96.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IprAccess        12874      3.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::total           388200                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits              82725                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits             39311                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_hits             122036                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_hits             37831                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_accesses         37831                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              353288712                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            388290                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps              388290                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_alu_accesses       374784                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_func_calls             15370                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus12.num_conditional_control_insts        31695                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_insts             374784                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_reads       517610                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_writes       299683                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_mem_refs              122218                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus12.num_load_insts             82725                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_store_insts            39493                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_idle_cycles     352902253.773205                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.num_busy_cycles     386458.226795                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus12.not_idle_fraction       0.001094                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.idle_fraction           0.998906                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.Branches                   54318                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::No_OpClass         1739      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntAlu          248745     64.06%     64.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntMult           1553      0.40%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemRead          83886     21.60%     86.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemWrite         39493     10.17%     96.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IprAccess        12874      3.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::total           388290                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits              82764                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits             39314                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_hits             122078                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_hits             37831                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_accesses         37831                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              353288627                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            388380                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps              388380                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_alu_accesses       374871                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_func_calls             15370                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus13.num_conditional_control_insts        31737                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_insts             374871                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_reads       517700                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_writes       299728                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_mem_refs              122260                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus13.num_load_insts             82764                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_store_insts            39496                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_idle_cycles     352902079.248779                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.num_busy_cycles     386547.751221                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus13.not_idle_fraction       0.001094                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.idle_fraction           0.998906                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.Branches                   54363                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::No_OpClass         1739      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntAlu          248793     64.06%     64.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntMult           1553      0.40%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemRead          83925     21.61%     86.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemWrite         39496     10.17%     96.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IprAccess        12874      3.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::total           388380                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits              82803                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits             39317                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_hits             122120                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_hits             37831                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_accesses         37831                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              353288542                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            388470                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              388470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_alu_accesses       374958                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_func_calls             15370                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus14.num_conditional_control_insts        31779                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_insts             374958                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_reads       517790                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_writes       299773                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_mem_refs              122302                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus14.num_load_insts             82803                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_store_insts            39499                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_idle_cycles     352901904.724397                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.num_busy_cycles     386637.275603                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus14.not_idle_fraction       0.001094                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.idle_fraction           0.998906                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.Branches                   54408                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::No_OpClass         1739      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntAlu          248841     64.06%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntMult           1553      0.40%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemRead          83964     21.61%     86.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemWrite         39499     10.17%     96.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IprAccess        12874      3.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::total           388470                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits              83236                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits             39464                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_hits             122700                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_hits             38047                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_accesses         38047                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              353288367                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            390016                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps              390016                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_alu_accesses       376444                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_func_calls             15408                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus15.num_conditional_control_insts        32060                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_insts             376444                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_reads       519670                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_writes       300844                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_mem_refs              122882                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus15.num_load_insts             83236                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_store_insts            39646                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_idle_cycles     352900190.489172                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.num_busy_cycles     388176.510829                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus15.not_idle_fraction       0.001099                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.idle_fraction           0.998901                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.Branches                   54771                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::No_OpClass         1725      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntAlu          249719     64.03%     64.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntMult           1553      0.40%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemRead          84402     21.64%     86.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemWrite         39647     10.17%     96.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IprAccess        12970      3.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::total           390016                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        1311420                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           2199                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          2199                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1884413                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      1057826                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2134                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          843                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2810                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       1654701                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1654408                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1311416                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      8836045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      8836045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         7569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side         1045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         8614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        16915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        15670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        32585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         7129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total         7129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total            8884373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side    309061824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total    309061824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       144832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        36864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       181696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       405668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       650688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total      1056356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       132800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total       132800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           310432676                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      3949787                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples       9864452                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.400042                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.489907                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3             5918252     60.00%     60.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4             3946200     40.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total         9864452                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
