
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000366                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   365973000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2254832274000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              288383657                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                288373228                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1076435614                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 739752                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    98039622                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      98039622                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       227776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       876544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1104320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       227776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        227776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       564480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          564480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         3559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        13696                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          8820                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               8820                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    622384711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   2395105650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            3017490361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    622384711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        622384711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1542408866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1542408866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1542408866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    622384711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   2395105650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           4559899228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       2560                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                      529     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                     540     50.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 1069                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                       527     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                      527     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  1054                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                345241500     94.31%     94.31% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31                20830000      5.69%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            366071500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.996219                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.975926                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.985968                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      5.56%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2     11.11%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          2     11.11%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      5.56%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      5.56%     38.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      5.56%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3     16.67%     61.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      5.56%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      5.56%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         4     22.22%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      5.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     18                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   118      9.57%      9.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.49%     10.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                   886     71.86%     81.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                       1      0.08%     82.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.08%     82.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.08%     82.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      183     14.84%     97.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   33      2.68%     99.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        4      0.32%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   1233                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               301                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 181                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.601329                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.751037                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          262100000     71.60%     71.60% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            103971500     28.40%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      118                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             18803                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              244951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             18803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.027230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    29.469623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   482.530377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.057558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.942442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            545197                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           545197                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       124298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          124298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       115629                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         115629                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       239927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           239927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       239927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          239927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          9278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9267                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9267                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        18545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          18545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        18545                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         18545                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       133576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       133576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       124896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       124896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       258472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       258472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074198                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074198                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.109467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.109467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12053                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             12053                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              7207                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.874774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              727228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              7207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            100.905786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    28.015742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   483.859032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.054718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.945037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           1470382                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          1470382                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       724379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          724379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       724379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           724379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       724379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          724379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          7208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           7208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          7208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       731587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       731587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       731587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       731587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       731587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       731587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              7207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18291                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3993.892998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       23189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.267782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1838.073601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         28.265438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         56.975605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   822.668345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1247.910010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.448748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.006901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.013910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.200847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.304666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.975072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          975                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2893                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977783                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    443392                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   443392                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12053                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            12053                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7192                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             7192                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          980                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   980                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         3648                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               3648                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4127                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              4127                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          3648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          5107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     8755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         3648                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         5107                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    8755                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3559                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3559                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5410                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5410                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        13696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3559                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        13696                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17255                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12053                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12053                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7192                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7192                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9266                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9266                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7207                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           7207                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9537                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9537                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                26010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               26010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894237                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.894237                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.493825                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.493825                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.567264                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.567264                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.493825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.663399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.493825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.663399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8820                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8820                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8969                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8820                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             8414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8969                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        51746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        51746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  51746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1668800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1668800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1668800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             34490                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   34490    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               34490                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               134843                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                775                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            44111                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              127084                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               160                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   21                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           21091                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               261927                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses                935                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    33                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            65202                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              228664                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               359                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          229023                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                   731946                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts              730619                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps                730619                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses        702901                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           3891                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               15305                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts        76853                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts               702901                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  3891                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads       988237                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes       492285                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         2507                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2473                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                264348                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              136729                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             127619                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles             731946                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                     97398                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         15135      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            427008     58.37%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult              705      0.10%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1218      0.17%     60.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     60.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               0      0.00%     60.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              0      0.00%     60.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             230      0.03%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           140874     19.26%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          127962     17.49%     97.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          18455      2.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total             731587                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        52022                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        26013                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           40                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1112                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1112                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             16745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12053                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6726                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9266                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9266                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          7208                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9537                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        21608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        56387                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 77995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       921600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1974784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2896384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           18291                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            70313                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.016981                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.129202                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  69119     98.30%     98.30% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1194      1.70%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              70313                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.002055                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  2054905500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2257258493000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               60421541                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 60421110                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1213019908                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 749992                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   102355177                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     102355177                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       828864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1003136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1832000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       828864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        828864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      4378816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         4378816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        12951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        15674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               28625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         68419                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              68419                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    403358695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    488166487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             891525182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    403358695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        403358695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      2130908696                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           2130908696                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      2130908696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    403358695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    488166487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           3022433878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      238                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                      14832                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     3216     37.85%     37.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     157      1.85%     39.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       2      0.02%     39.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    5121     60.28%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 8496                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      3213     48.79%     48.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      157      2.38%     51.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        2      0.03%     51.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     3213     48.79%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  6585                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0               1491121000     72.56%     72.56% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                11547500      0.56%     73.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                   98000      0.00%     73.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               552347000     26.88%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total           2055113500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.999067                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.627417                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.775071                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      2.56%      2.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          4     10.26%     12.82% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          3      7.69%     20.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          3      7.69%     28.21% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         4     10.26%     38.46% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         2      5.13%     43.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         5     12.82%     56.41% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         8     20.51%     76.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      2.56%     79.49% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      2.56%     82.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      2.56%     84.62% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         2      5.13%     89.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         1      2.56%     92.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        1      2.56%     94.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::256                        1      2.56%     97.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::257                        1      2.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     39                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   365      3.59%      3.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       13      0.13%      3.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  7797     76.79%     80.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     348      3.43%     83.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.01%     83.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.01%     83.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      540      5.32%     89.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   82      0.81%     90.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        4      0.04%     90.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                1002      9.87%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                  10154                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               819                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 380                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  86                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 423                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   380                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    43                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.516484                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.658366                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         1361452500     66.25%     66.25% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            434082000     21.12%     87.37% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle            259579000     12.63%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      365                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             42734                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             1033699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             42734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             24.189147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           2223242                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          2223242                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       629054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          629054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       390879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         390879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        13352                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        13352                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14235                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14235                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      1019933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          1019933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1019933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         1019933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         29943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        11766                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11766                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1025                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1025                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        41709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          41709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        41709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         41709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       658997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       658997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       402645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       402645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        14377                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        14377                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        14235                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14235                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1061642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1061642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1061642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1061642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029222                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029222                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071294                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.071294                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        24124                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             24124                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             85986                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.999152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             3697292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             85986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             42.998767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          375                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           7239413                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          7239413                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3490726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         3490726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3490726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          3490726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3490726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         3490726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        85987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         85987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        85987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          85987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        85987                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         85987                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3576713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3576713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3576713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      3576713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3576713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      3576713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.024041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.024041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.024041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        85986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             85986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 427                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  3559424                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        442                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1372                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1372                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               57134                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              57134                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         5502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       111510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       111510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  117012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1755                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         6047                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      3560536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      3560536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3566583                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                55755                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                55755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               501795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              501795                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        55616                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              139                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        55616                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           55616                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                55616                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     29990                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4004.476920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      123751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     29990                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      4.126409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1246.002638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          3.139186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          1.485108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1776.575955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   977.274033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.304200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.433734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.238592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.977655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4078                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1539                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1714                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          695                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995605                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2100453                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2100453                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        24124                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            24124                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        85897                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            85897                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3882                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3882                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        73031                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              73031                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        23109                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             23109                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         73031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         26991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   100022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        73031                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        26991                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  100022                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7884                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                7884                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        12956                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            12956                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7859                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7859                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        12956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        15743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  28699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        12956                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        15743                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 28699                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        24124                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        24124                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        85897                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        85897                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11766                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11766                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        85987                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          85987                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        30968                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         30968                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        85987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        42734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               128721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        85987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        42734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              128721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.670066                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.670066                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150674                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.150674                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.253778                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.253778                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.368395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.222955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.368395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.222955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                12803                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     12803                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1233                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              22187                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               1518                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              1518                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        68419                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            16403                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               48                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              48                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         20954                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         55616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        55616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       167126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       167126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        86604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        92106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 259232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3568320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      3568320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         6047                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2653056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2659103                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6227423                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            172166                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  172166    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              172166                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               670434                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               2086                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses           139757                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              417840                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               343                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   30                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           82310                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits              1088274                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2429                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    42                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses           222067                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              983110                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              2048                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          985158                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                  4110049                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts             3574242                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps               3574242                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses       3415367                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses          18242                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls              135611                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts       357244                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts              3415367                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                 18242                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads      4646455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes      2580593                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads        10267                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes        10100                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs               1096016                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              676705                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             419311                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       531288.154966                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       3578760.845034                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.870734                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.129266                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                    530015                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         78836      2.20%      2.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu           2280048     63.75%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult             9741      0.27%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            4663      0.13%     66.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               5      0.00%     66.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt            1949      0.05%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              1      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             655      0.02%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           701693     19.62%     86.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          420742     11.76%     97.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          78380      2.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total            3576713                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       257441                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       128719                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          121                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1336                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1336                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               1233                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            118188                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              1518                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             1518                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        24124                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        85897                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           18578                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11766                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11766                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         85987                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        30968                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       257871                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       133672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                391543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     11000576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4284959                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15285535                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          141565                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           401692                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003926                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.062534                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 400115     99.61%     99.61% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1577      0.39%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             401692                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.600829                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2600829328000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4858087821000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2735622                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2735622                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1343475595                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 755112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1935.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5295879543                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5295879543                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     28610304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    631354368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          659964672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     28610304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      28610304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    471163264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       471163264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       447036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      9864912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            10311948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       7361926                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            7361926                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     11000454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    242751172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             253751626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     11000454                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         11000454                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       181158855                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            181158855                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       181158855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     11000454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    242751172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            434910482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      467                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     946846                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    35220     33.49%     33.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     118      0.11%     33.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    2663      2.53%     36.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                   67162     63.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               105163                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     35220     48.10%     48.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      118      0.16%     48.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     2663      3.64%     51.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    35220     48.10%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                 73221                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             2595003697000     99.78%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 8437000      0.00%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               130487000      0.01%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31              5679833000      0.22%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         2600822454000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                         1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.524404                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.696262                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::1                          3      1.79%      1.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                         20     11.90%     13.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                       133     79.17%     92.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         1      0.60%     93.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         6      3.57%     97.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         2      1.19%     98.21% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         3      1.79%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    168                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  3340      1.44%      1.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        1      0.00%      1.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                 93098     40.04%     41.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    9204      3.96%     45.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     9284      3.99%     49.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                 5209      2.24%     51.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        1      0.00%     51.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique              112354     48.33%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 232491                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel             12401                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                9148                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                 223                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                9258                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  9148                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   110                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.746553                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.493274                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.850450                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        13894766000      0.53%      0.53% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user         2583117991500     99.32%     99.85% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle           3809696500      0.15%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     3340                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          20215572                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1103527586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          20215572                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             54.587997                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        2267682980                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       2267682980                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    868912013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       868912013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    234298789                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      234298789                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       143983                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       143983                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       163347                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       163347                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1103210802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1103210802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1103210802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1103210802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     15446285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      15446285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4748064                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4748064                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21223                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        21223                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     20194349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       20194349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     20194349                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      20194349                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    884358298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    884358298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    239046853                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    239046853                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       165206                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       165206                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       163347                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       163347                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1123405151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1123405151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1123405151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1123405151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019862                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019862                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.128464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.128464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     13298957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          13298957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           1078714                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          5193075243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           1078714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           4814.135390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses       10389541136                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses      10389541136                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst   5193152497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      5193152497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst   5193152497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       5193152497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst   5193152497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      5193152497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1078714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1078714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1078714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1078714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1078714                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1078714                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   5194231211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   5194231211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   5194231211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   5194231211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   5194231211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   5194231211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1078714                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           1078714                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 914                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  7503872                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        918                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1431                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1431                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              121929                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             121929                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         6034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         5664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        11746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       234974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       234974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  246720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        24136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3186                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        27514                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      7505784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      7505784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  7533298                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               117487                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               117487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1057383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1057383                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       117248                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       117248                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          239                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              239                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       117248                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       117248                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          117248                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               117248                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  10663618                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4025.815475                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    27258698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  10663618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.556234                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1951.746714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.015804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   156.705834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1917.347123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.476501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.468102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.982865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4034                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2687                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984863                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 356118622                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                356118622                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     13298957                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         13298957                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1078609                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          1078609                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       125149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                125149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       631673                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             631673                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10225296                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          10225296                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        631673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      10350445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 10982118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       631673                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     10350445                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                10982118                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4622915                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4622915                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       447041                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           447041                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5242212                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5242212                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       447041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      9865127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               10312168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       447041                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      9865127                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              10312168                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     13298957                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     13298957                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1078609                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1078609                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4748064                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4748064                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1078714                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        1078714                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15467508                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      15467508                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1078714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     20215572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             21294286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1078714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     20215572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            21294286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.973642                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.973642                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.414420                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.414420                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.338918                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.338918                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.414420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.487996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.484269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.414420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.487996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.484269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              7244678                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   7244678                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            5690684                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               4681                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              4681                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      7361926                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          3067378                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               88                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              88                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4622827                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4622827                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       5689492                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        117248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       117248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       352222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       352222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        11746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     30936392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     30948138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               31300360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      7519168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      7519168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        27514                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1123632512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1123660026                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1131179194                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          20865114                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                20865114    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            20865114                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            884326422                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             656347                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        880021295                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           239211483                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             50498                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       234996326                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1123537905                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             706845                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1115017621                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits          5167652371                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              4729                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses      5167657100                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               5201659123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          5193524366                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            5193524366                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses    4244181771                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses      919565546                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls            13958807                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts    356015644                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts           4244181771                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts             919565546                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads   6974213198                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes   3400562211                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads   1035695030                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes    749216594                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs            1124455707                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts           885181043                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts          239274664                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       7423103.924436                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       5194236019.075563                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.998573                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.001427                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                 443781395                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass     339181091      6.53%      6.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu        3052550132     58.77%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult        100874105      1.94%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd       353060574      6.80%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp        34207525      0.66%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt        10378899      0.20%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult      151667869      2.92%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv        19843461      0.38%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead        885417372     17.05%     95.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite       239287124      4.61%     99.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess        7763059      0.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total         5194231211                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     42588572                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     21294286                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          199                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         355754                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       355752                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               1192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          16547414                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              4681                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             4681                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     13298957                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1078609                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         6916521                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4748064                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4748064                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1078714                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     15467508                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3236037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     60658368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              63894405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    138068672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2144957370                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             2283026042                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        10898710                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         53493037                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.006658                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.081325                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               53136885     99.33%     99.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 356150      0.67%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           53493037                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000855                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   854615000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4858942436000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             7172357761                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               7172241886                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1157020445                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 755112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5297586749                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5297586749                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       409472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1121088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1530560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       409472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        409472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       607424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          607424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         6398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        17517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               23915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          9491                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               9491                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    479130369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1311804731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1790935099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    479130369                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        479130369                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       710757476                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            710757476                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       710757476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    479130369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1311804731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           2501692575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       6077                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1466     46.84%     46.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      92      2.94%     49.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       1      0.03%     49.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    1571     50.19%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 3130                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1464     48.46%     48.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       92      3.05%     51.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        1      0.03%     51.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1464     48.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3021                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                717708500     83.33%     83.33% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 6900000      0.80%     84.13% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                   49000      0.01%     84.14% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               136640500     15.86%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            861298000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998636                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.931891                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.965176                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      3.12%      3.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2      6.25%      9.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          5     15.62%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          4     12.50%     37.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      3.12%     40.62% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         2      6.25%     46.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      3.12%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         4     12.50%     62.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      3.12%     65.62% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      3.12%     68.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      3.12%     71.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         5     15.62%     87.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         2      6.25%     93.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      3.12%     96.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::130                        1      3.12%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     32                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   125      3.16%      3.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.15%      3.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  2735     69.07%     72.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                      11      0.28%     72.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.03%     72.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.03%     72.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      302      7.63%     80.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   51      1.29%     81.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        9      0.23%     81.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                 719     18.16%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   3960                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               427                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 207                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 207                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   207                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.484778                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.652997                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          569310000     66.10%     66.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            291988000     33.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      125                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             25348                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              544990                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             25860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             21.074633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          451                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           1128174                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          1128174                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       297674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          297674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       211469                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         211469                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         8164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         8757                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8757                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       509143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           509143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       509143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          509143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         14200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        10462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        24662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          24662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        24662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         24662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       311874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       311874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       221931                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       221931                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8851                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8851                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8757                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8757                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       533805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       533805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       533805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       533805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.047141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077618                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.077618                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16406                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             16406                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             13692                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.953018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1819508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             14204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            128.098282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.953018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           3430763                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          3430763                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1694833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1694833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1694833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1694833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1694833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1694833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        13699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         13699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        13699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          13699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        13699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         13699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1708532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1708532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1708532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1708532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1708532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1708532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        13692                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             13692                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 385                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                385                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     24686                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4026.993496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       57186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     28646                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.996300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      977.252594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1410.638251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1639.102652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.238587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.344394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.400172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.983153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3960                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1015                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2879                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    659418                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   659418                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16406                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            16406                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        13670                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            13670                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1455                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1455                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         7301                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               7301                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6376                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              6376                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          7301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          7831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    15132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         7301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         7831                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   15132                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9006                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9006                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6398                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6398                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8511                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            8511                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        17517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  23915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6398                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        17517                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 23915                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16406                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16406                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        13670                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        13670                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        10461                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             10461                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        13699                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          13699                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        14887                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         14887                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        13699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        25348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                39047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        13699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        25348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               39047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.860912                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.860912                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.467041                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.467041                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.571707                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.571707                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.467041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.691060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.612467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.467041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.691060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.612467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9491                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9491                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15461                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9491                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            13806                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         14909                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        71127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        73001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  73001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2137984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2140216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2140216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             48149                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   48149    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               48149                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               319208                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1101                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses           117770                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              230999                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               194                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   19                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           65703                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               550207                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               1295                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    31                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses           183473                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              618252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               698                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          618950                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                  1709230                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts             1707206                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps               1707206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses       1625413                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses          12722                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               60525                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts       179473                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts              1625413                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                 12722                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads      2218875                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes      1192145                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         8378                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         8284                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                553978                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              322390                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             231588                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles            1709230                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                    258606                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         39742      2.33%      2.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu           1058323     61.94%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult             1877      0.11%     64.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     64.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            4067      0.24%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               1      0.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt            1661      0.10%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              1      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             798      0.05%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           336217     19.68%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          231953     13.58%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          33892      1.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total            1708532                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        78088                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        39047                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           46                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1496                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1496                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                552                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             29138                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               385                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              385                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16406                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        13670                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            8919                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10461                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10461                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         13699                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14887                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        41068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        77897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                118965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1751616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2674488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                4426104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           24686                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           103711                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.015370                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.123019                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 102117     98.46%     98.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1594      1.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             103711                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
