
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354508000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2261609137500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              136889939                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                136885516                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              411679460                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 763052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117872199                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117872199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         1472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        38592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        25856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total             91840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        19072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        38592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        61440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         7872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           7872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           59                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               1435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          123                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               123                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     53798504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      8665531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     10651382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      4152234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst    108860731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     72934884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            259063265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     53798504                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     10651382                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst    108860731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       173310616                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       22205423                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            22205423                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       22205423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     53798504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      8665531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     10651382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      4152234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst    108860731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     72934884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           281268688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        17600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        30528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       368192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            445184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        17600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        19840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       193280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         193280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         5753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               6956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         3020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              3020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     49646270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     86113713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5054893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     75101267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1263723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data   1038599975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1255779841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     49646270                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5054893                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1263723                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        55964887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      545206314                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           545206314                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      545206314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     49646270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     86113713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      5054893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     75101267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      1263723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data   1038599975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1800986155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138914500     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12095000      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151174000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61932000     75.50%     75.50% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.50%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5023                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.413029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.924746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    24.609897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   471.803131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.048066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130016                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130016                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          571                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          571                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2191                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2191                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5061                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5061                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.085859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.078714                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078714                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.065466                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.065466                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3267                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3267                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             338061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           136.205077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    26.614205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   485.357754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.051981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.947964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           334553                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          334553                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       794                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351557500     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357343500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.44%      5.44% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.75%      6.19% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1019250000     93.81%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.286205                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.198770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    87.277809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   370.008396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.170464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.722673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78632                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046218                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046218                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1006                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             1006                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.804033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              99894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.780757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   192.364479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   319.439553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.375712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.623905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357080000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357244500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          274.193451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   273.044043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.149408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.533289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.535534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.519531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               551029000     98.32%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           560462000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         509937000     87.10%     87.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     12.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12776                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.438748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             159031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.447636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.282278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   318.156470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.334536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.621399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355488                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355488                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        75990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1138                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1138                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          155872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         155872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6993                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6993                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          146                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          146                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.080495                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.080495                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.113707                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.113707                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.076226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.076226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             253769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.430679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.376659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.494525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.401126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           906533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          906533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         22152                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11324                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1306                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3882                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3826                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           56                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8331                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4273                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2332                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              158                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             62                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             220                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2715                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2715                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3752                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4579                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  32192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       295616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       532048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       139392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       208280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1175336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            23461                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             45489                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.148871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.359896                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   38781     85.25%     85.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    6644     14.61%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      64      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               45489                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34467                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17153                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1281                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2671                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2592                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           79                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10276                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8403                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3949                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            149                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             273                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4271                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6005                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38639                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  50623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       492288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1361568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1854184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            15187                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             49222                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.104526                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.311147                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   44156     89.71%     89.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    4987     10.13%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      79      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               49222                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                3273                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           15630.117160                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 49298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                3273                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               15.062023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  7490.753941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1990.524616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1778.486798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   805.914604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1782.243723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   512.894433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   846.833031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst    62.496670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   359.969344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.457199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.121492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.108550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.049189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.108780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.031305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.051687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.021971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.953987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8764                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5687                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          767                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.928833                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              172552                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             172552                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4273                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4273                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1504                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          351                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1855                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1910                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1180                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3090                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1756                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1022                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2778                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               7723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1910                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3260                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1180                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1373                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              7723                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          110                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          136                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          574                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          285                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total           859                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          573                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           89                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          662                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1167                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          536                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1703                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           89                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             3224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          573                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           89                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          821                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            3224                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4273                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4273                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          110                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2078                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          636                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2714                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3752                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2923                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1558                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4481                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.896552                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.978417                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.276227                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.448113                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.316507                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.230769                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.070134                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.176439                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.399247                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.344031                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.380049                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.230769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.348130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.070134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.374202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.294510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.230769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.348130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.070134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.374202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.294510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           1366                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                1366                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                5961                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           15245.715061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 34769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                5961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                5.832746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  5581.741018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst  3481.958526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  3530.913940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst  1049.395696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   702.117557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.574522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   301.141611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   597.872192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.340682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.212522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.215510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.064050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.042854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.018380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.036491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.930525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15938                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          861                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3560                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         6700                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3822                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          995                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972778                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              280002                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             280002                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8403                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8403                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1613                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1613                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3661                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3661                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         4179                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4180                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               9454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3661                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5792                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              9454                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          121                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          123                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          145                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          5258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          610                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          610                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1817                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1818                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             7686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          610                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7075                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            7686                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8403                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8403                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          124                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          145                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5996                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5998                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991803                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991935                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.765245                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.765245                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.142824                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.142824                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.303035                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.303101                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.142824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.549856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.448425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.142824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.549856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.448425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           1807                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                1807                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              3474                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2697                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            317                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             863                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3474                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         7978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         9667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         3827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         3837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 13504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        33152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       259520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       292712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        77248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        77288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 370000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           17973                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            26684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.639222                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.480235                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                   9627     36.08%     36.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  17057     63.92%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              26684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              4330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3120                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3857                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             342                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            500                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6019                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6018                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        16798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         4276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        21074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         7627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total         7627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 28701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       524608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        78760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       603368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       258624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       258624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 861992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                            3800                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            22590                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.164852                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.371055                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  18866     83.51%     83.51% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   3724     16.49%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              22590                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         3141                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.150919                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           76                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         3141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.024196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.905202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.117223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.086152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.520110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.115663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.248695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.157874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.619075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.007326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.005384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.032507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.069729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.015543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.134867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.884432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        44553                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        44553                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1320                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1320                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          118                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          550                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          826                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          275                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1090                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          508                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1903                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         2729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          275                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1640                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          784                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         2729                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1320                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1320                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          118                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          554                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          831                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          275                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1091                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          508                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1904                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         2735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         2735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.992780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996390                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.993983                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999083                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999475                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         1314                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         1314                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         1095                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.047659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         1095                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.104110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.759805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.369703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.657108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.122310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.628274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.510460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.172488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.023106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.228569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.007644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.289267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.156904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.877979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        25374                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        25374                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          100                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          100                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          506                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1109                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         1130                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          100                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          100                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          506                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1109                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         1130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total           89                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         1083                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.954457                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         1083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.105263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.730910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.369703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.657108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.122310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     5.472462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.601964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.108182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.023106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.228569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.007644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.342029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.162623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.872154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        25275                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        25275                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           89                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           89                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          506                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1109                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         1130                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           89                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          506                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1109                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         1130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total           77                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         3140                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.711258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           69                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         3140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.021975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.674528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.016873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.016476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.539109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.128519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.247883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.087870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.667158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.001055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.001030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.033694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.070532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.015493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.130492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.919454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses        44450                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses        44450                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1314                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1314                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          118                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          550                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          826                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          275                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1090                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          507                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1902                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         2728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          275                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1640                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          783                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         2728                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1314                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1314                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          118                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          550                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          826                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          275                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1090                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          508                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1903                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         2729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         2729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998031                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999475                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         1313                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         1313                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33925                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8142                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28428                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4584                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62353                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12726                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43649                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  301654                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             165923                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               165923                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160116                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17153                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160116                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       220810                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112891                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62617                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34129                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28488                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      230974.106217                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70679.893783                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234308                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765692                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22551                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2862      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            95892     57.75%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35089     21.13%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28768     17.33%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166035                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37541                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23377                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4522811197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3655337726.536871                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      867473470.463129                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191800                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808200                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86816     63.90%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25655     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6410      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4522811083                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4520457233.037630                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2353849.962369                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82681                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88100                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170781                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4523218276                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433704                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294555                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171895                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83521                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88374                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1644232479.743925                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2878985796.256075                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636491                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363509                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58289                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9711      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256300     56.81%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85781     19.01%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88441     19.60%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451131                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           3012                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1403                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2516                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          163                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          134                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          280                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           848                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          847                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3012                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side         7960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total         7960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         4265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         4265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              12225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       258752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       258752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        78056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        78056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              336808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        17537                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         24626                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.671851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.469549                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                8081     32.81%     32.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               16545     67.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           24626                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000749                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   748673000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2262714270000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               67394895                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 67393874                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              419860737                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 769196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   120171379                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     120171379                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         4672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         2624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        22848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       122304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       118464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         6592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         1728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            282816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         4672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        22848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       122304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         6592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       156416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      1011136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        1011136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           73                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         1851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               4419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        15799                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             15799                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6240375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      3504868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     30517997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      4787137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    163361040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    158231965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      8804912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      2308084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            377756377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6240375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     30517997                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    163361040                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      8804912                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       208924323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks     1350570944                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total          1350570944                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks     1350570944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      6240375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      3504868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     30517997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      4787137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    163361040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    158231965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      8804912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      2308084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1728327320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        23488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        19520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        13760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       145728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        10880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       307648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            521280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        23488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        13760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        37248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       591232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         591232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide         4807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               8145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         9238                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              9238                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       341938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     31372842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     26072798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     18379186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    194648398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     14532379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide      410924396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            696271937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     31372842                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     18379186                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        49752028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      789706588                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           789706588                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      789706588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       341938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     31372842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     26072798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     18379186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    194648398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     14532379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide     410924396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1485978525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       905                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     382     42.26%     42.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    127     14.05%     56.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.11%     56.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.11%     56.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    393     43.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 904                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      382     42.78%     42.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     127     14.22%     57.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.11%     57.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.11%     57.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     382     42.78%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  893                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               889429000     93.08%     93.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                9525000      1.00%     94.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     94.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     94.10% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               56416500      5.90%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           955584000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.972010                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.987832                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  648     83.51%     83.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.13%     83.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     127     16.37%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   776                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              129                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements               87                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          443.715102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs               6714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               87                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            77.172414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   443.715102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.866631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.866631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          346                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.898438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           103956                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          103956                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        31983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        18107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         18107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          888                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          888                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          756                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          756                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        50090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           50090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        50090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          50090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          153                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          153                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        32091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        32091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        18152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          898                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          898                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          770                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          770                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        50243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        50243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        50243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        50243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.003365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.002479                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002479                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011136                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011136                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.018182                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.018182                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.003045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.003045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              159                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              26418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           166.150943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           342447                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          342447                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       170985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         170985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       170985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          170985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       170985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         170985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       171144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       171144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       171144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       171144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       171144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          159                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              159                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       593                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     171     46.59%     46.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.27%     46.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.27%     47.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    194     52.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 367                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      171     49.85%     49.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.29%     50.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.29%     50.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     170     49.56%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  343                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               717854000     98.23%     98.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     98.24% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     98.26% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12732000      1.74%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           730799500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.876289                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.934605                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.26%      0.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.07%      3.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.26%      3.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  346     88.49%     92.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      2      0.51%     92.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.26%     92.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      19      4.86%     97.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.30%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   391                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               29                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  3                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.620690                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.333333                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.734694                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          63045000     62.09%     62.09% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            38499500     37.91%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          500.138822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              70512                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.049014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   500.138822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.976834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.970703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           155456                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          155456                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        38425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          38425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        30472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         30472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          518                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          518                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        68897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           68897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        68897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          68897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2212                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2212                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           43                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5074                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5074                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        41287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        32684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          616                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          616                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          615                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          615                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        73971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        73971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        73971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.069320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.067678                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.067678                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.159091                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.159091                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.069919                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.069919                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.068594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.068594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.068594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.068594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3239                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3239                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2595                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.986829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             386475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           148.930636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.093060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.893769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           412210                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          412210                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       202211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         202211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       202211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          202211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       202211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         202211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2596                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2596                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       204807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       204807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       204807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       204807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       204807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       204807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             2595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      68                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      4705                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    1048     39.44%     39.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     18      0.68%     40.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.04%     40.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.04%     40.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1589     59.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2657                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     1047     49.55%     49.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      18      0.85%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.05%     50.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.05%     50.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    1046     49.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 2113                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               776613500     81.27%     81.27% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1287000      0.13%     81.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     81.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     81.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              177523500     18.58%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           955585000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999046                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.658276                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.795258                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         4     25.00%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      6.25%     31.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4     25.00%     56.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      6.25%     62.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      6.25%     68.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      6.25%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      6.25%     81.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      6.25%     87.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      6.25%     93.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      6.25%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    16                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.12%      0.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  163      4.91%      5.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       6      0.18%      5.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2440     73.47%     78.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     91      2.74%     81.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.03%     81.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     197      5.93%     87.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  31      0.93%     88.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.06%     88.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                385     11.59%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  3321                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              359                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                177                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                176                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  177                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.490251                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.658582                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1647980000     95.03%     95.03% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            86123000      4.97%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     163                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            15737                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          487.647214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             319744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            15737                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.317977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    33.140678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   454.506535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.064728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.887708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.952436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           726684                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          726684                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       200104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         200104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       129700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        129700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4372                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4372                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4716                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4716                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       329804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          329804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       329804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         329804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5221                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5221                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          529                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          529                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          144                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          144                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        15747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         15747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        15747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        15747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       210630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       210630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       134921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       134921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4901                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4901                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4860                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4860                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       345551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       345551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       345551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       345551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.049974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.107937                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.107937                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.029630                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.029630                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.045571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.045571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9021                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             9021                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            24546                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            1118935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            24546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            45.585228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    65.368664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   446.631336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.127673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.872327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2310398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         2310398                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1118380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1118380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1118380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         1118380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1118380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        1118380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        24546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        24546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        24546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         24546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        24546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        24546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1142926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1142926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1142926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      1142926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1142926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      1142926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.021476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.021476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.021476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        24546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            24546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                        82                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                      26     36.62%     36.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      1.41%     38.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      4.23%     42.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     41     57.75%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                  71                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                       26     47.27%     47.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      1.82%     49.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      5.45%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                      25     45.45%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                   55                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               932716500     99.51%     99.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     99.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.04%     99.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                4221500      0.45%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           937338500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.609756                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.774648                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      3.95%      3.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                   65     85.53%     89.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      5      6.58%     96.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       3      3.95%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                    76                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                6                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              534                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          419.001607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               3495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              534                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.544944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   419.001607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.818363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.818363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.826172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            15065                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           15065                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           36                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           36                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total            6418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total           6418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           17                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           53                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           53                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.113374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.113374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075780                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.075780                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.381818                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.381818                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.320755                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.320755                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.095547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.095547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          299                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              299                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              981                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              59500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            60.652396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            41341                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           41341                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        19199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          19199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        19199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           19199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        19199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          19199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        20180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        20180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        20180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        20180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        20180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        20180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 166                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  1368064                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        168                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  992                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 992                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               22207                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              22207                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         3552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        42846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        42846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   46398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          636                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         4126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1368440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1368440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  1372566                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                21423                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                21423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               192807                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              192807                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        21376                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        21376                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               47                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        21376                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        21376                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           21376                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                21376                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         16007                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8270                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          622                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3259                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3236                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           23                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 762                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               6595                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                512                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               512                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2377                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1604                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              149                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             57                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             206                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2108                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2108                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2755                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3078                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15237                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  26098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        18048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        13943                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       310400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       530648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                  873039                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            75401                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             92529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.051119                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.221368                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   87822     94.91%     94.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    4684      5.06%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      23      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               92529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         84461                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        41854                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        11116                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            5030                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4862                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          168                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 183                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              37209                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                319                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               319                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9320                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        17342                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4178                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              258                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            161                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             419                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5218                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5218                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          25527                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         11499                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        65595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        46816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2801                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         1958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 117170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2627136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1606179                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       116480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        61228                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 4411023                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            59610                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            144108                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.187845                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.393669                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  117211     81.34%     81.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   26725     18.55%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     171      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              144108                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                2288                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           15636.719158                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 25998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                2288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               11.362762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  8232.832351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1535.859204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   865.501067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   424.081915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   941.787176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   130.098340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   241.927071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   999.463101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  2265.168933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.502492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.093741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.052826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.025884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.057482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.014766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.061002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.138255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.954390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4696                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.934021                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              127970                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             127970                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3275                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3275                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2377                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2377                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1708                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1708                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           86                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1872                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1958                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1779                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1835                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           86                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               5501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           86                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           56                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1872                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3487                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              5501                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          117                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          146                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          384                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total           400                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           73                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          724                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          797                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1166                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1228                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             2425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           78                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1550                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            2425                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3275                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3275                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2377                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2377                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          117                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          146                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2092                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2108                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          159                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2596                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         2755                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          118                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2945                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3063                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           7926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          7926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.183556                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.189753                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.459119                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.278891                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.289292                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.525424                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.395925                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.400914                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.459119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.582090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.278891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.307723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.305955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.459119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.582090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.278891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.307723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.305955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           1133                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                1133                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                5460                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           15691.226345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 27261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                5460                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                4.992857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  7190.195928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst  1539.537041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  1250.096823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   723.829347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   423.362184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1054.581713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   841.107033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst  1101.993012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1566.523264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.438855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.093966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.076300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.044179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.025840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.064367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.051337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.067260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.095613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.957716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16037                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7887                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978821                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              597807                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             597807                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9320                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9320                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        17342                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        17342                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1618                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1651                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        22420                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          878                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        23298                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         9272                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          340                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         9612                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        22420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        10890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              34561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        22420                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        10890                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          878                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          373                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             34561                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          163                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          175                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          133                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          139                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3349                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          3513                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2126                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          103                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2229                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1617                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1666                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             7408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4966                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          103                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            7408                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9320                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9320                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        17342                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        17342                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          166                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          134                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4967                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          197                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        24546                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          981                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        25527                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10889                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          389                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        11278                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        24546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        15856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          41969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        24546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        15856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         41969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.981928                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.983146                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.992537                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992857                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.674250                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.832487                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.680287                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.086613                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.104995                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.087319                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.148498                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.125964                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.147721                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.086613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.313194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.104995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.363481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.176511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.086613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.313194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.104995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.363481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.176511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           2534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                2534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              5513                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               831                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              831                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        22537                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             211                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           171                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            354                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1924                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1921                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4568                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        21376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        21376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         5628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         9780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         8641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         9645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        47216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        17053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        64269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 83694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        39936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       186752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3087                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       229775                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       259904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1039                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       260943                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1006592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       364480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1371072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1861790                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           25138                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            79036                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.307354                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.461400                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  54744     69.26%     69.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  24292     30.74%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              79036                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                183                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              5572                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9266                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1868                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             434                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           178                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            508                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9507                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5389                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        10191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        10494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        20685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        22311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        22311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 42996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       373568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       260943                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       634511                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       909440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       909440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1543951                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           38822                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            67515                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.573606                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.494556                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  28788     42.64%     42.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  38727     57.36%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              67515                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         8142                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.825740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         8142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.015844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.406077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.313830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.786594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.779693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.539545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.837880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.019614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.049162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.048731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.033722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       128754                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       128754                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6738                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6738                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           20                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           27                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          133                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          354                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          354                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1084                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1494                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         1848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1438                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         1848                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6738                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6738                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          361                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          361                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1084                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1514                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         1875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         1875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.980609                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.980609                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.574468                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.986790                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.574468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.985600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.574468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.985600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         6733                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         6733                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         2414                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.286133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         2414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.041425                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.430594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     7.191526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.799108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.442899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.422006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.026912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.449470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.362444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.090181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.026375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        46413                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        46413                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           28                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total           28                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           35                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           99                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          102                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1535                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1537                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1911                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          450                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          103                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2496                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1911                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1985                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          103                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         4033                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           28                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           28                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           99                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          102                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1535                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1537                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1911                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          450                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          103                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2496                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         4033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks           28                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total           28                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         2415                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.386781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         2415                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.041408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.250887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     7.380086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.867166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.450980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.437663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.015680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.461255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.366698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.090686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.027354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        46413                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        46413                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           28                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           28                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           35                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           99                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          102                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1535                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1537                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1911                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          450                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          103                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2496                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1911                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1985                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          103                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         4033                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           28                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           28                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           99                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          102                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1535                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1537                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1911                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          450                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          103                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2496                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         4033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks           28                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total           28                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         8142                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.825386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           72                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         8142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.008843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.379585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.199052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.765835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.940872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.540042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.836224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.012441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.047865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.058805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.033753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       133875                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       133875                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6733                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6733                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          133                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          352                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         5984                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1084                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1494                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         5659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         7478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1436                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         5659                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         7478                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6733                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6733                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          354                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5986                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1084                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1494                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         5659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         7480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         5659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         7480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994350                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999666                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         6732                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         6732                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33497                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              19557                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               53054                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              18524                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          18524                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 1911223                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             171144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               171144                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       164473                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              15822                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        11305                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              164473                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       209031                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       127375                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                53310                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              33751                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             19559                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1692776.141324                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      218446.858676                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.114297                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.885703                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    29315                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          768      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           109348     63.89%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             134      0.08%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           36558     21.36%     85.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          19561     11.43%     97.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          4775      2.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            171144                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               41795                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                86                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           15608                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              33282                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               14                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses           9213                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               75077                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               100                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           24821                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              80904                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses               93                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          80997                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 1461154                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             204700                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               204700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       197757                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           276                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               5299                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        21181                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              197757                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  276                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       272153                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       141031                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          149                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                75331                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              41989                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             33342                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1261208.541908                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      199945.458092                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.136841                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.863159                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    28125                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         3650      1.78%      1.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           121104     59.13%     60.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             162      0.08%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           42960     20.98%     81.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          33622     16.42%     98.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          3278      1.60%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            204807                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              213951                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               724                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           27911                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             139785                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              158                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          19597                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              353736                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               882                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           47508                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             210438                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              461                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         210899                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 1911313                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            1142023                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              1142023                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses      1095584                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          8884                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls              36731                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       116201                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts             1095584                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 8884                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      1497034                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       822460                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         5632                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         4164                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               356894                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             216446                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            140448                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      451890.240077                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1459422.759923                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.763571                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.236429                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   164420                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass        21304      1.86%      1.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           726304     63.55%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            2487      0.22%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           1153      0.10%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt             11      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              6      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          225074     19.69%     85.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         140892     12.33%     97.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         25694      2.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           1142926                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                3773                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 3                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              23                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits               3425                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                7198                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 3                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              23                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits               1021                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses           1021                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 1874683                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              20177                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                20177                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        19522                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                870                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         1970                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               19522                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads        26908                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        13676                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                 7230                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts               3793                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts              3437                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1849425.073782                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      25257.926218                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.013473                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.986527                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                     3079                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          216      1.07%      1.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            12201     60.46%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult              43      0.21%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.05%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead            3896     19.31%     81.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite           3442     17.06%     98.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess           371      1.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             20180                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             183                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4173                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            319                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           319                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6761                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1691                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          181                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          132                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          287                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          7526                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         7523                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3990                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        22591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        22591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        10494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        10494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              33085                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       909632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       909632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       260943                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       260943                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1170575                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        53404                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         73246                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.716258                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.450816                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               20783     28.37%     28.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               52463     71.63%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           73246                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.602359                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2602359448500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4865073718500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 607490                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   607490                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               75516114                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 769196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 34460.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 20934699870                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20934699870                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        38272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        22080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        11200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        25984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       424448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        17536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        30720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            591232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        20992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        22080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        25984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        17536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        86592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       157376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         157376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          598                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         6632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          480                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               9238                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         2459                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              2459                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst         8067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        14707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst         8485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data         4304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst         9985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data       163101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst         6739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        11805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               227191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         8067                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         8485                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         9985                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         6739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total           33274                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks          60474                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               60474                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks          60474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst         8067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        14707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst         8485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data         4304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst         9985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data       163101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst         6739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        11805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              287665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        20032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       325952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       187904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst         5696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        59584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        18624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       398656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        24576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1042240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        20032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         5696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        18624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        45568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       710272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         710272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         5093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         2936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst           89                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data          931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         6229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide          384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              16285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        11098                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             11098                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst         7698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       125252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst          467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        72205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data        22896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst         7157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       153190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide           9444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               400498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         7698                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          467                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         7157                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total           17510                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks         272934                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              272934                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks         272934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst         7698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       125252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst          467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        72205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst         2189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data        22896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst         7157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       153190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide          9444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              673432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    181965                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   12635     24.20%     24.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     39      0.07%     24.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   2664      5.10%     29.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     64      0.12%     29.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  36819     70.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               52221                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    12635     45.08%     45.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      39      0.14%     45.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    2664      9.51%     54.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      64      0.23%     54.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   12623     45.04%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                28025                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2600014552500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                2925000      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              130536000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               11589000      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2199653000      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2602359255500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.342839                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.536661                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1      6.25%      6.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       15     93.75%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    16                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   47      0.03%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   77      0.04%      0.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                45129     25.54%     25.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   5344      3.02%     28.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4326      2.45%     31.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                1515      0.86%     31.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     31.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique             120249     68.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                176689                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             4401                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               4272                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               4272                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 4272                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.970688                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.985126                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        3892723000      0.15%      0.15% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        2599444220000     99.85%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      77                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         16972457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          508.642489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs         1249540280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         16972457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            73.621649                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   508.642489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.993442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          501                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       2558170275                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      2558170275                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data   1010021248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1010021248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    242158494                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     242158494                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       473257                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       473257                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       480461                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       480461                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data   1252179742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total      1252179742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data   1252179742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total     1252179742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      8152559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      8152559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      9164051                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      9164051                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        28360                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        28360                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        20303                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        20303                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     17316610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      17316610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     17316610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     17316610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   1018173807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1018173807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    251322545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    251322545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       501617                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       501617                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       500764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       500764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   1269496352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1269496352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   1269496352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1269496352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.008007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.036463                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036463                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.056537                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.056537                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.040544                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.040544                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.013641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.013641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     10985769                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total         10985769                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1450540                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         4694678622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1450540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          3236.504076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10410796250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses     10410796250                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   5203222315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     5203222315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   5203222315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      5203222315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   5203222315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     5203222315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1450540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1450540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1450540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1450540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1450540                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1450540                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   5204672855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   5204672855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   5204672855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   5204672855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   5204672855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   5204672855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1450540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          1450540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      13                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    172673                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   11261     25.53%     25.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   2664      6.04%     31.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     63      0.14%     31.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  30115     68.28%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               44103                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    11261     44.62%     44.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    2664     10.56%     55.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      63      0.25%     55.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   11249     44.57%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                25237                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2599912508500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              130536000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               11592000      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1507793000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2601562429500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.373535                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.572229                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1      6.25%      6.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        1      6.25%     12.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       14     87.50%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    16                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   43      0.03%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   75      0.04%      0.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                38257     22.85%     22.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   5342      3.19%     26.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3119      1.86%     27.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 348      0.21%     28.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     28.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique             120245     71.82%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                167431                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3179                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user               3106                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 15                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel               3108                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                 3106                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    2                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.977666                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.133333                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.986667                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2005683000      0.08%      0.08% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        2599165791500     99.90%     99.97% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle           714420500      0.03%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      75                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements         16554208                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.399157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs         1253032682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         16554208                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            75.692699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   506.399157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.989061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       2556345768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      2556345768                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data   1009995969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1009995969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    242006089                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     242006089                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       468094                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       468094                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       478499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       478499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data   1252002058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total      1252002058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data   1252002058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total     1252002058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      7828289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      7828289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      9003846                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      9003846                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        22213                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        22213                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        11578                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        11578                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     16832135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      16832135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     16832135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     16832135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   1017824258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1017824258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    251009935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    251009935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       490307                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       490307                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       490077                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       490077                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   1268834193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1268834193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   1268834193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1268834193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.007691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.035870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.045304                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.045304                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.023625                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.023625                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     10656842                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         10656842                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements          1337460                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         4554371902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1337460                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          3405.239710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10406035804                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     10406035804                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   5201011712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     5201011712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   5201011712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      5201011712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   5201011712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     5201011712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1337460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1337460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1337460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total       1337460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1337460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total      1337460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   5202349172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   5202349172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   5202349172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   5202349172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   5202349172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   5202349172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1337460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total          1337460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    174392                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   11778     26.03%     26.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      1      0.00%     26.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   2664      5.89%     31.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     97      0.21%     32.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  30712     67.87%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               45252                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    11778     44.73%     44.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       1      0.00%     44.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    2664     10.12%     54.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      97      0.37%     55.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   11791     44.78%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                26331                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2600627241500     99.93%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                  71500      0.00%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22              130536000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30               13163500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1588085500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2602359098000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.383922                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.581875                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      3.57%      3.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      3.57%      7.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        6     21.43%     28.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        3     10.71%     39.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                       17     60.71%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    28                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   59      0.03%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  100      0.06%      0.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                39038     23.10%     23.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   5345      3.16%     26.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    3482      2.06%     28.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 699      0.41%     28.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     28.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique             120285     71.17%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                169010                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3582                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               3463                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               3463                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 3463                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.966778                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.983109                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2941914500      0.11%      0.11% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        2599417183500     99.89%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     100                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         18183038                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.125451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs         1251050061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         18183038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            68.803137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   506.125451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.988526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       2557926168                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      2557926168                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data   1009223675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1009223675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    241054401                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     241054401                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       471525                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       471525                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       475300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       475300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data   1250278076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total      1250278076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data   1250278076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total     1250278076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      8544302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      8544302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      9972659                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      9972659                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        20884                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        20884                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        16782                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        16782                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     18516961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      18516961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     18516961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     18516961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   1017767977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1017767977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    251027060                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    251027060                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       492409                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       492409                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       492082                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       492082                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   1268795037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1268795037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   1268795037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1268795037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.008395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.039727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.042412                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.042412                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.034104                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.034104                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.014594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.014594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     12311035                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total         12311035                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          1363743                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         4614261538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1363743                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          3383.527203                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          286                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10407777931                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses     10407777931                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   5201843351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     5201843351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   5201843351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      5201843351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   5201843351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     5201843351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      1363743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1363743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      1363743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       1363743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      1363743                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      1363743                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   5203207094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   5203207094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   5203207094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   5203207094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   5203207094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   5203207094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1363743                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          1363743                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    174758                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   11901     26.14%     26.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   2664      5.85%     31.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     95      0.21%     32.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  30869     67.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               45529                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    11901     44.74%     44.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    2664     10.02%     54.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      95      0.36%     55.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   11938     44.88%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                26598                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2600516058500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22              130536000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               10621500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1534355500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2602191571500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.386731                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.584199                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1      4.00%      4.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        3     12.00%     16.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                       21     84.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    25                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   95      0.06%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   93      0.05%      0.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                39263     23.18%     23.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   5361      3.17%     26.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    3551      2.10%     28.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 779      0.46%     29.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     29.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique             120236     70.99%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                169380                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3644                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               3544                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               3544                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 3544                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.972558                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.986088                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        3190886000      0.12%      0.12% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        2600002101000     99.88%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      93                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements         16075302                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          507.299760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs         1252707717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         16075302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            77.927476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   507.299760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.990820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       2555935894                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses      2555935894                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data   1010076491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1010076491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    242287023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     242287023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       473785                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       473785                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       474455                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       474455                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data   1252363514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total      1252363514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data   1252363514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total     1252363514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      7620939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      7620939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      8846242                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8846242                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        18111                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        18111                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        17155                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        17155                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data     16467181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total      16467181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data     16467181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total     16467181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   1017697430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1017697430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    251133265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    251133265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       491896                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       491896                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       491610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       491610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   1268830695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1268830695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   1268830695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1268830695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.007488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.035225                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035225                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.036819                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.036819                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.034896                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.034896                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.012978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.012978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     10370738                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total         10370738                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements          1368328                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         4638957291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1368328                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          3390.237787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10409981660                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses     10409981660                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   5202938338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     5202938338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   5202938338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      5202938338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   5202938338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     5202938338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      1368328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1368328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      1368328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total       1368328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      1368328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total      1368328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   5204306666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   5204306666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   5204306666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   5204306666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   5204306666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   5204306666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1368328                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total          1368328                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   3                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    24576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          3                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  254                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 254                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               11706                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              11706                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        22372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        23150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side          770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total          770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   23920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        89488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        90153                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        24584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        24584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   114737                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  385                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 3465                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                3465                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          384                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                1                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          384                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             384                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  384                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      73333864                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     36698195                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      7232063                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          496347                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       494958                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1389                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           18819664                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               5705                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              5705                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     21642611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1141998                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          6353083                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           309895                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          31881                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          341776                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq          17858002                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp         17858002                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        2788000                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      16031421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      3532136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     48925076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      3185862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     47544912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total              103187986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    133222144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   1802172134                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    118297728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   1751923344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total              3805615350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          1416885                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          74320001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.201879                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.401449                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                59317774     79.81%     79.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                15000838     20.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    1389      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            74320001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      74779556                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     37422045                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      7379602                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          481829                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       478061                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         3768                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           18936317                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               5617                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              5617                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     22681773                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1116573                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5920969                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           348533                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          33937                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          382470                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          18470368                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         18470368                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        2732071                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      16204236                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      3282555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     52441377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      3298160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     46286767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total              105308859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    122803968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   1963423759                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    123509248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   1707429220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              3917166195                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          1319200                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          75698029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.202039                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.401645                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                60407834     79.80%     79.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                15286423     20.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    3772      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            75698029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                9934                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           14514.689087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               3144252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                9934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs              316.514194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  8899.780451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1059.974647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   484.015102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   251.569741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   527.639684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   736.574205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   849.736540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   657.079721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1048.318996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.543199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.064696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.029542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.015355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.032205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.044957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.051864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.040105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.063984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.885906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14865                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          693                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13770                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.907288                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           546528331                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          546528331                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     21642611                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total     21642611                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1141998                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total      1141998                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1260                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2269                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total           3529                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      8882748                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      8735121                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total        17617869                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1449899                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1337096                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      2786995                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      7977936                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      7697384                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     15675320                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1449899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     16860684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1337096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     16432505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total           36080184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1449899                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     16860684                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1337096                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     16432505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total          36080184                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       155864                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       118908                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       274772                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        18588                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9060                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        27648                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        92111                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       108286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total        200397                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          641                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          364                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1005                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       173781                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       120383                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       294164                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       265892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       228669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total           495566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          641                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       265892                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          364                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       228669                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total          495566                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     21642611                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     21642611                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1141998                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1141998                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       157124                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       121177                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       278301                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        18592                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9060                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        27652                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      8974859                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      8843407                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total     17818266                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1450540                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1337460                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      2788000                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      8151717                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      7817767                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     15969484                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1450540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     17126576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1337460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     16661174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       36575750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1450540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     17126576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1337460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     16661174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      36575750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.991981                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.981275                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.987319                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999785                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999855                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.010263                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.012245                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.011247                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000442                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000272                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.021318                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.015399                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.018420                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.015525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.013549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.015525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4725                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4725                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               15398                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           14864.452805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               2147395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               15398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs              139.459345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  9620.649960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   708.724534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   308.313522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   328.955669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   101.652774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1346.580995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   731.077901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   805.403703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   913.093746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.587198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.043257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.018818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.020078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.006204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.082189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.044621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.049158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.055731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.907254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13941                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.939209                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           557243286                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          557243286                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     22681773                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total     22681773                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1116573                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total      1116573                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3099                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2686                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total           5785                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      9673482                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      8548445                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total        18221927                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1363248                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1367763                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      2731011                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      8345639                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      7422199                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     15767838                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1363248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     18019121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1367763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     15970644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total           36720776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1363248                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     18019121                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1367763                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     15970644                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total          36720776                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       138471                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       151110                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total       289581                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        13249                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        13681                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        26930                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       101700                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       102960                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        204660                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          495                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          565                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1060                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       150444                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       159502                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       309946                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       252144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       262462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total           515666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          495                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       252144                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          565                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       262462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total          515666                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     22681773                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     22681773                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1116573                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1116573                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       141570                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       153796                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       295366                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        13252                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13690                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        26942                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      9775182                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      8651405                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total     18426587                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1363743                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1368328                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      2732071                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      8496083                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      7581701                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     16077784                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1363743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     18271265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1368328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     16233106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       37236442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1363743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     18271265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1368328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     16233106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      37236442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.978110                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.982535                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.980414                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999774                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999343                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999555                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.010404                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.011901                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.011107                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000363                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000413                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.000388                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.017707                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.021038                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.019278                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.013800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.013848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.013800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           8470                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                8470                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                253                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            469655                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             11322                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            11322                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7106                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6818                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          495544                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         64190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         487983                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           262237                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          216408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       469402                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       783069                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       897594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        11896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1692559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       798040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        11254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       809294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         1139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         1155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               2503008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     12375040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     18405824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        45302                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     30826166                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     13541120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        44851                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     13585971                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        23616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        24640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               44436777                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                          895118                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          1859636                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.290416                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.453954                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                1319568     70.96%     70.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                 540068     29.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            1859636                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            442653                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              5617                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             5617                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        13108                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7763                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          518779                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         35488                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         478893                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           404353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          336923                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       442643                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       982524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       810871                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1793395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       898452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       898452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               2691847                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     18736640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     13587059                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     32323699                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     18452288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     18452288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total               50775987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          755161                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          1854546                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.229189                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.420311                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                1429504     77.08%     77.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 425042     22.92%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            1854546                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         6197                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    11.986331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs        72287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         6197                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs    11.664838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.152203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.035511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.070801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.727390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.634513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.066925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.045462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.749146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      3756525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      3756525                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4647                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4647                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        71632                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        69600                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       141232                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1007                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          364                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1371                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        72305                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        79361                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       151666                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          313                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        75641                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        55663                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       131637                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total          384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       147946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       135024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total       283303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          313                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       147946                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       135024                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total       283303                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4647                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4647                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        71632                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        69600                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       141232                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1007                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          364                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1371                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        72305                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        79370                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       151675                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          313                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        75641                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        55664                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       131638                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total          384                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       147946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       135034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total       283313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       147946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       135034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total       283313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999887                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999941                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999992                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         4641                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         4641                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         3645                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse     9.900385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs       136177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         3645                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs    37.359945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.790546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.205207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.841106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.110444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.953082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.361909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.012825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.115069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.006903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.122068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.618774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses      3265884                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses      3265884                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2010                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2010                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        72918                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        67750                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total       140668                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12604                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12951                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        25555                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        27339                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8014                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        35353                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        90517                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          274                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        83036                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       174233                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       117856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        91050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       209586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       117856                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          274                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        91050                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       209586                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2010                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2010                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        72918                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        67750                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       140668                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12604                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12951                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        25555                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        27339                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         8014                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        35353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        90518                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          274                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        83036                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       174234                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       117857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        91050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       209587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       117857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        91050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       209587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999994                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         2003                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         2003                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         3679                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse     9.923707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs       136153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         3679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs    37.008154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.568973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.145810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.569206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.058760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.580958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.410561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.098075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.003672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.098810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.620232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      3265810                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      3265810                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2003                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2003                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        72918                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        67750                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       140668                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12604                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12951                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        25555                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        27339                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8012                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        35351                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        90516                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          274                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        83036                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       174232                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       117855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        91048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       209583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       117855                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          274                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        91048                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       209583                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2003                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2003                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        72918                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        67750                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       140668                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12604                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12951                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        25555                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        27339                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         8014                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        35353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        90517                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          274                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        83036                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       174233                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       117856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        91050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       209586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       117856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        91050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       209586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999750                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999943                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999994                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1997                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1997                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         6207                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    11.871704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs        72269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         6207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs    11.643145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.064162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.017328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.073951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.716023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.629010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.067122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.044751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.741981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses      3756768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses      3756768                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4641                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4641                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        71632                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        69600                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total       141232                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1007                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          364                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1371                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        72303                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        79355                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       152042                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          313                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        75641                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        55663                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       131637                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       147944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       135018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total       283679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          313                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       147944                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       135018                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          385                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total       283679                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4641                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4641                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        71632                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        69600                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       141232                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1007                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          364                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1371                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        72305                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        79361                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       152050                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          313                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        75641                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        55663                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       131637                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       147946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       135024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total       283687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       147946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       135024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total       283687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999924                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         4638                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         4638                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits          1018554449                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses              1327                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses      1017220491                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits          251827613                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              437                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses      251003836                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits          1270382062                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses              1764                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses      1268224327                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits         5199560913                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              746                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses     5199561659                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              5204718906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts         5204671091                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps           5204671091                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses   3832065927                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses    1671804420                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls           87681610                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts    365656137                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts          3832065927                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts           1671804420                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   6791339671                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes   2658611176                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads   2039958181                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes   1426950260                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs           1270508049                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts         1018676994                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts         251831055                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      45305.000078                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      5204673600.999922                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.999991                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.000009                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                508153281                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass    366400153      7.04%      7.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu       2551163828     49.02%     56.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult        10092671      0.19%     56.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     56.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd      538466189     10.35%     66.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp       67160464      1.29%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt       54894164      1.05%     68.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult     336906096      6.47%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv        8131202      0.16%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt         20032      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead      1019197474     19.58%     95.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite      251836501      4.84%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess        404081      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total        5204672855                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits          1018193471                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses              1316                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses      1017290634                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits          251502975                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses              469                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses      250946011                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits          1269696446                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses              1785                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses      1268236645                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits         5198905544                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              730                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses     5198906274                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              5203124872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts         5202347387                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps           5202347387                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses   3829734894                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses    1671872370                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls           87601503                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts    365414821                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts          3829734894                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts           1671872370                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads   6788113268                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes   2656842856                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads   2040004564                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes   1426996614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs           1269822320                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts         1018315881                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts         251506439                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      2368282.456959                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      5200756589.543041                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.999545                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.000455                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                507826672                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass    366422110      7.04%      7.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu       2549534103     49.01%     56.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult        10093934      0.19%     56.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     56.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd      538487802     10.35%     66.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp       67160464      1.29%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt       54908396      1.06%     68.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult     336906096      6.48%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv        8134894      0.16%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt         20032      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead      1018816251     19.58%     95.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite      251506556      4.83%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess        358534      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total        5202349172                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits          1018139038                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              1424                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses      1017167154                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits          251522363                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              442                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses      250910773                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits          1269661401                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              1866                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses      1268077927                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         5199427826                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              784                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     5199428610                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              5204718906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         5203205228                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           5203205228                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   3830566919                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses    1671903812                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls           87610509                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts    365558940                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          3830566919                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts           1671903812                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   6789377607                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes   2657500930                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads   2040025636                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes   1427017764                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs           1269787711                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts         1018261816                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts         251525895                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      1511027.100612                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      5203207878.899388                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.999710                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.000290                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                507966977                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass    366441089      7.04%      7.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu       2550370282     49.02%     56.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult        10097051      0.19%     56.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     56.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd      538497533     10.35%     66.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp       67160464      1.29%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt       54914665      1.06%     68.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult     336906096      6.47%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv        8136591      0.16%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt         20032      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead      1018768724     19.58%     95.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite      251526102      4.83%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        368465      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        5203207094                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits          1018068055                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses              1386                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses      1017109111                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits          251628242                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              495                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses      251026740                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits          1269696297                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses              1881                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses      1268135851                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits         5200600424                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              782                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses     5200601206                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              5204383212                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts         5204304785                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps           5204304785                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses   3831785394                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses    1671777721                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls           87591319                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts    365796048                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts          3831785394                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts           1671777721                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads   6791076254                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes   2658425844                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads   2039939643                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes   1426931710                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs           1269822542                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts         1018190716                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts         251631826                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      411431.464490                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      5203971780.535510                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.999921                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.000079                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                508171535                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass    366383791      7.04%      7.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu       2551578436     49.03%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult        10083993      0.19%     56.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd      538457783     10.35%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp       67160464      1.29%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt       54888338      1.05%     68.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult     336906096      6.47%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv        8129892      0.16%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt         20032      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead      1018695385     19.57%     95.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite      251632101      4.84%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess        370355      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total        5204306666                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              10                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         305880                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           5617                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          5617                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6644                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         6591                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       326090                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        33876                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       308826                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        217145                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       187403                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       305870                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       898707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       898707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       810862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       810862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total            1709569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     18452992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     18452992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     13586547                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     13586547                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            32039539                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      1640440                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples       1857111                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.514384                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.499793                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1              901843     48.56%     48.56% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2              955268     51.44%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total         1857111                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.003100                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3100427500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4868174146000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             2993679108                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               2993667323                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              443201108                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 770220                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 20942218662                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20942218662                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        95232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        81664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        91776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        50176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        15808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         7360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            342016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        95232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        91776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        15808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       202816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       192896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         192896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data          784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               5344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         3014                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              3014                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     30715764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     26339593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     29601079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     16183575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      5098652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      2373866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            110312529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     30715764                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     29601079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      5098652                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        65415495                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       62215936                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            62215936                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       62215936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     30715764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     26339593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     29601079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     16183575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      5098652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      2373866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           172528466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       292608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        45056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       142848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        59840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            544448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         1152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        45056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        49152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       502016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         502016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         4572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           46                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               8507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         7844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              7844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       371562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     94376663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     14532190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     46073646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       949546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     19300564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            175604171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       371562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     14532190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       949546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        15853298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      161918316                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           161918316                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      161918316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       371562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     94376663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     14532190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     46073646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       949546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     19300564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           337522487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     31894                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   13383     42.92%     42.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                   4369     14.01%     56.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      4      0.01%     56.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     56.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  13421     43.05%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               31178                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    13381     42.98%     42.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                    4369     14.03%     57.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       4      0.01%     57.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.00%     57.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   13379     42.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                31134                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               883057500     28.48%     28.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21              327675000     10.57%     39.05% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 196000      0.01%     39.06% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     39.06% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1889410500     60.94%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          3100451000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999851                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.996871                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.998589                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   54      0.20%      0.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                22331     83.06%     83.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      7      0.03%     83.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     83.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4473     16.64%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      0.06%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 26886                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             4526                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.021211                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.041748                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        3026462500     97.57%     97.57% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500      2.43%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      54                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            13439                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          471.862608                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            5745501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           411.834349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   471.862608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.921607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3843183                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3843183                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1151072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1151072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       693785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        693785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        27665                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        27665                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        27246                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        27246                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1844857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1844857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1844857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1844857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7487                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7487                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          229                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          229                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          305                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          305                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        14296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         14296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        14296                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        14296                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1157881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1157881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       701272                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       701272                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27894                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        27894                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27551                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        27551                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1859153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1859153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1859153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1859153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.010676                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010676                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.008210                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008210                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011070                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.011070                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.007690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.007690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             8604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             4922                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          514938238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5434                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         94762.281561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         12406330                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        12406330                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      6195779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6195779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      6195779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6195779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      6195779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6195779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          4924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         4924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      6200703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6200703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      6200703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6200703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      6200703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6200703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             4922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                        72                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      17     26.56%     26.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      4      6.25%     32.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      1.56%     34.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                     42     65.62%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                  64                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       17     44.74%     44.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       4     10.53%     55.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      2.63%     57.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      16     42.11%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                   38                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              3903648500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 196000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                2098000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          3906107000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.380952                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.593750                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                   54     80.60%     80.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      8     11.94%     92.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                       5      7.46%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                    67                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  5                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements               18                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          443.427867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              33102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            82.138958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   443.427867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.866070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.866070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.751953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             4101                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses            4101                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           1267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total            1969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total           1969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total            32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.014045                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014045                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.444444                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.015992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.015992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total                7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements               26                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          646697718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         1202040.368030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses            11648                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses           11648                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         5785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           5785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         5785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total            5785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         5785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total           5785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total            26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total           26                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total         5811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total         5811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks           26                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total               26                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      4450                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    1313     46.30%     46.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      4      0.14%     46.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.04%     46.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1518     53.53%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2836                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     1313     49.92%     49.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       4      0.15%     50.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.04%     50.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    1312     49.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 2630                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              3000816500     97.07%     97.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 196000      0.01%     97.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.01%     97.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               90201500      2.92%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          3091378500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.864295                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.927362                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      1.37%      1.37% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      1.37%      2.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        68     93.15%     95.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      1.37%     97.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      1.37%     98.63% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      1.37%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    73                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.03%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   21      0.54%      0.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.05%      0.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2724     70.28%     70.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                      8      0.21%     71.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.03%     71.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     107      2.76%     73.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  82      2.12%     76.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.13%     76.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                925     23.86%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  3876                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              129                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                102                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                103                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  102                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.798450                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.887446                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         321362500     55.32%     55.32% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           259552000     44.68%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      21                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            10043                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          500.042618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             743337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            10489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            70.868243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   500.042618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.976646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.871094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           744717                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          744717                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       228440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         228440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       121320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        121320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2888                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2888                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2988                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2988                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       349760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          349760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       349760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         349760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3495                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3495                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          528                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          528                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          352                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          352                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         10537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10537                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        10537                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       235482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       235482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       124815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       124815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3416                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3416                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3340                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3340                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       360297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       360297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       360297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       360297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.029905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.028001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.154567                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.154567                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.105389                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.105389                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.029245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.029245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5809                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             5809                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            14368                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.984511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          588784643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            14880                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         39568.860417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.984511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2349619                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         2349619                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1153250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1153250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1153250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         1153250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1153250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        1153250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        14373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        14373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        14373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         14373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        14373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        14373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1167623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1167623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1167623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      1167623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1167623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      1167623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.012310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.012310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.012310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        14368                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            14368                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       882                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     122     42.07%     42.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      4      1.38%     43.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.03%     44.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    161     55.52%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 290                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      122     48.80%     48.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       4      1.60%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.20%     51.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     121     48.40%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  250                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              3266982000     99.69%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 196000      0.01%     99.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.01%     99.71% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9534500      0.29%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          3277064000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.751553                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.862069                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     15.85%     16.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      1.09%     17.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  211     57.65%     74.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      9      2.46%     77.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      73     19.95%     97.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.46%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   366                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              131                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.511450                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.676768                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         805689500     98.99%     98.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      1.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2251                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.675301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             843400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2702                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           312.139156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   496.675301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.970069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          451                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.880859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            84776                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           84776                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        23964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          23964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        13741                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         13741                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          491                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          491                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          516                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          516                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        37705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           37705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        37705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          37705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          700                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          700                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           24                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           24                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          2396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         2396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        25660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        14441                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        14441                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          543                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          543                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          540                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          540                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        40101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        40101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        40101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        40101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.066095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.048473                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.048473                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.095764                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.095764                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.044444                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044444                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.059749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.059749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1222                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1222                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          564135113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         271218.804327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           293226                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          293226                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       144261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         144261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       144261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          144261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       144261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         144261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       145829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       145829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       145829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       145829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       145829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                26217                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               26217                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               17505                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              17505                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         8790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio        34952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        43702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        87444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   87444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        35160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio        48059                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        21851                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       105070                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   105070                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         38228                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        19015                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1404                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            5831                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5802                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           29                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               26217                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              38230                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              17491                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             17491                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4142                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4261                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              546                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            313                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             859                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6951                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6951                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4950                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7063                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        13973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       129926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           69                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                 144076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       579136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1550749                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 2134853                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            36522                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            117542                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.071625                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.258823                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  109152     92.86%     92.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    8361      7.11%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      29      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              117542                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         58060                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        28996                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2413                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            6126                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6057                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           69                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              25259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 14                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                14                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7031                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        14369                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4558                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              494                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            376                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             870                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3701                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3701                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          15941                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          9318                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        41949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        32351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         4302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         7044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  85646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1764864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1050929                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       174976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       232376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 3223145                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            77604                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            134805                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.081013                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.274942                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  123961     91.96%     91.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   10767      7.99%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      77      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              134805                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                7435                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           14497.550902                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs              44721853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               23522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs             1901.277655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 10323.955492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   552.349604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   253.405105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   116.359325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   301.471683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   727.964458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   921.641873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   577.709036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   722.694326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.630124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.033713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.015467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.007102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.018400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.044431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.056253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.035261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.044110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.884860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16087                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          755                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         4171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5660                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          616                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4885                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.981873                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              311189                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             311189                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8611                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8611                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4142                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         4142                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1857                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1858                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         3418                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           26                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3444                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3425                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         3440                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         3418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               8742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         3418                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5282                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           26                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              8742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          537                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          545                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          305                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          311                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5042                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          5043                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1506                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1506                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3605                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3609                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            10158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1506                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8647                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           10158                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8611                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8611                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4142                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4142                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          538                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          546                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          305                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          311                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6899                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6901                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4924                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           26                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4950                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7030                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7049                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        13929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          18900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        13929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         18900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998141                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998168                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.730831                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.730764                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.305849                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.304242                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.512802                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.210526                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.511988                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.305849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.620791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.537460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.305849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.620791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.537460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           5469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                5469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                6567                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           15900.731064                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              44434271                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               19949                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs             2227.393403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  9256.453505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   283.831730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   111.493125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   152.414289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    30.033724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  2307.581481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1944.087137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   805.530387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1009.305688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.564969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.017324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.006805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.009303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.001833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.140844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.118658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.049166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.061603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.970504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6093                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816772                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              456538                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             456538                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7031                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7031                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        14369                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        14369                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             43                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1787                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          199                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1986                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        12235                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1275                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        13510                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4313                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1070                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5383                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        12235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         6100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              20879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        12235                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         6100                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1275                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             20879                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          392                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          413                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          344                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          353                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1237                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          459                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          1696                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2138                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          293                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2431                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3187                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          617                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3804                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             7931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2138                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          293                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1076                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            7931                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7031                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7031                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        14369                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        14369                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          432                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          456                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          345                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          354                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3024                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          658                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3682                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        14373                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1568                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        15941                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7500                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1687                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         9187                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        14373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          28810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        14373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         28810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.907407                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.875000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.905702                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997101                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997175                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.409061                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.697568                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.460619                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.148751                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.186862                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.152500                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.424933                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.365738                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.414063                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.148751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.420372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.186862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.458849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.275286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.148751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.420372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.186862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.458849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.275286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           5423                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                5423                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq              26217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             34175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             17505                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            17505                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7210                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1726                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             934                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           665                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             5280                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            5228                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         9622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        19304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        87416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       116342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         9606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         9634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                125976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       303744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       683968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       104965                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1092677                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       317632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          105                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       317737                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1410414                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           22949                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            90184                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.244179                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.429601                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  68163     75.58%     75.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  22021     24.42%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              90184                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              8718                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                14                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               14                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9596                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1551                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             989                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1341                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             5678                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            5659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8718                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        13880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         9938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        23818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        18873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        18873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 42691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       532928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       319017                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       851945                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       682432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       682432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1534377                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           58917                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            85485                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.677359                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.467490                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  27581     32.26%     32.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  57904     67.74%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              85485                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         6443                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.750434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         6459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.036693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.337298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.011366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    12.401770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.208581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.775111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       108943                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       108943                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          491                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          493                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4008                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         4008                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2465                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2483                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         6491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6473                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         6491                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          491                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          493                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4008                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4008                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2465                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2483                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         6491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         6491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         4183                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         4183                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         4091                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.354474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         4102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.078255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.319530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.673561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.134080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     5.527411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.699891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.332471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.042098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.133380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.345463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.106243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.959655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        54023                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        54023                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1752                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1752                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          177                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          188                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          327                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          335                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          384                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          387                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1434                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1034                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          247                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          129                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2844                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         3231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1434                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1418                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          247                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         3231                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1752                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1752                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          177                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          327                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          335                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          387                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1434                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1034                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          247                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          129                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2844                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         3231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         3231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         1753                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         1753                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         4083                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.316798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         4092                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.081623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.384546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.823932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.543149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.945438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.619733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.399034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.051496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.096447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.309090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.101233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.957300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.562500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        54023                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        54023                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1753                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1753                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          177                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          188                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          327                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          335                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          376                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          379                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1434                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1034                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          247                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2843                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         3222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1434                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1410                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          247                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          131                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         3222                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1753                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1753                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          177                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          327                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          335                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          387                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1434                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1034                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          247                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          129                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2844                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         3231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         3231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.979167                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.979328                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992248                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999648                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1741                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1741                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         6427                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.806192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         6443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.037405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.204741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.012481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    11.588971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.262796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.724311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       108825                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       108825                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4183                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4183                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          491                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          493                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4008                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         4008                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2465                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2483                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         6491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6473                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         6491                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4183                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4183                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          491                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          493                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4008                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4008                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2465                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2483                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         6491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         6491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         4173                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         4173                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits             1202781                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             750618                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits             1953399                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             792091                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         792243                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 6200855                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            6200221                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              6200221                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      5963671                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          3685                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             542940                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       416784                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             5963671                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 3685                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      7660528                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      4581934                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         2400                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         2386                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs              1963262                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts            1212363                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            750899                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles           6200855                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                  1037127                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        35974      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu          3933614     63.44%     64.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            4931      0.08%     64.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           1174      0.02%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead         1302728     21.01%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         750975     12.11%     97.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess        171080      2.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           6200703                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits                1307                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits                735                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits                2042                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits                913                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses            913                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 7812219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts               5811                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                 5811                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses         5541                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls                248                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts          389                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts                5541                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads         7486                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes         4376                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                 2047                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts               1307                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts               740                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      7804904.243648                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles       7314.756352                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000936                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999064                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                      763                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass           30      0.52%      0.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu             3376     58.10%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              20      0.34%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead            1344     23.13%     82.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite            740     12.73%     94.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess           301      5.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total              5811                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              237770                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               266                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses          112461                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             128201                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               29                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          65385                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              365971                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               295                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses          177846                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             547112                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              262                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         547374                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 6181986                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            1167316                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              1167316                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses      1127705                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          2556                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls              31604                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       162986                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts             1127705                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 2556                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      1518678                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       826356                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         2105                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         1283                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               367475                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             239164                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            128311                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      5017658.824258                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1164327.175742                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.188342                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.811658                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   206682                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass        17083      1.46%      1.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           754425     64.61%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            3557      0.30%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd            496      0.04%     66.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp            129      0.01%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt            258      0.02%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             15      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          245127     20.99%     87.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         128599     11.01%     98.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         17933      1.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           1167623                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               25657                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              14880                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               40537                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              24201                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          24326                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 6554074                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             145444                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               145444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       139825                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               3083                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        16744                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              139825                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       186138                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       106976                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                41649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              26541                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             15108                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      6399812.371266                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      154261.628734                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.023537                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.976463                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    21012                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         2801      1.92%      1.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            93338     64.01%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             110      0.08%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           27665     18.97%     84.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          15118     10.37%     95.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          6770      4.64%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            145829                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5327                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             14                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            14                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5936                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1689                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          688                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          390                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1053                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4397                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4395                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5327                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        19291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        19291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         9939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         9939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              29230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       683136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       683136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       319081                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       319081                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1002217                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        71340                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         87832                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.790042                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.407280                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               18441     21.00%     21.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               69391     79.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           87832                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
