
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000354                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354483500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2269421592500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              142146279                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                142142395                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              373488167                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1292700                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   134906092                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     134906092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       113344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        40384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        11136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        31296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        98688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       246592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            541440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       113344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        11136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        98688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       223168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       114048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         114048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         3853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               8460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    319744078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    113923497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     31414720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     88286197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst    278399418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    695637456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1527405366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    319744078                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     31414720                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst    278399418                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       629558216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      321730066                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           321730066                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      321730066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    319744078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    113923497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     31414720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     88286197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst    278399418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    695637456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1849135432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       123136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        35840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       325056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            489408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       424704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         424704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         5079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               7647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks         6636                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              6636                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     11193751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    347367367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       541633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    101104847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3430343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    916984853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           1380622793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     11193751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       541633                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3430343                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        15165727                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     1198092436                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          1198092436                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     1198092436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     11193751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    347367367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       541633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    101104847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      3430343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    916984853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          2578715229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138920000     91.90%     91.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.01% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12077000      7.99%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151161500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61919500     75.49%     75.49% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.51%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4998                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          501.337962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              65715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.148259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    26.874139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   474.463823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.052489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.926687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           129975                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          129975                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          515                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          515                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2223                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2223                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           33                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.084089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.079861                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079861                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.158497                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.158497                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.054010                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.054010                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2502                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             368221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           147.170663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    32.766604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   479.233396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.063997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.936003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           334522                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          334522                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2502                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.015071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.015071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.015071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       794                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               350205000     98.37%     98.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           355991000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.44%      5.44% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.75%      6.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1018413000     93.80%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          456.774741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              46117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            22.507077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    85.381304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   371.393437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.166760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.725378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.892138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78577                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78577                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          440                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          440                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          431                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          431                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        35001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           35001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        35001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          35001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          724                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          724                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           45                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.063640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.053833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.053833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.077568                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.077568                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.094538                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.094538                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1245                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             100552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            80.764659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   196.361503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   315.638497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.383519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.616481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           272977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          272977                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               355727500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           355892000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          283.884134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   282.734714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.149420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.552216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.554461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.539062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               549664500     98.31%     98.31% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.33% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.67%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           559097500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         508572500     87.07%     87.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     12.93%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12583                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          491.170960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             158874                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.626083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.805916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   319.365044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.335558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.623760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.959318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355277                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355277                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        76107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          76107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79957                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79957                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       156064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          156064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       156064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         156064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6917                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6917                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          131                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          131                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          101                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          101                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.070256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.079621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.101708                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101708                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.078783                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.078783                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4278                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.998515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             245386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            57.359981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.210964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.787551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.400803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.599194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           906494                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          906494                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         446827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          446827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         446827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4278                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4278                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         15165                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7640                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1534                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1534                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               5409                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2502                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1872                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              107                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             33                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             140                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2116                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2116                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2502                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2907                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  22834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       320256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       521552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                  841808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            37094                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             52178                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.029399                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.168925                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   50644     97.06%     97.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    1534      2.94%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               52178                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests          6859                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3421                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           21                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3192                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3182                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp               2796                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          758                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1239                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1276                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               82                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             45                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             127                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq               642                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp              642                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           1245                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1551                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  10409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       158976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       188888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                  347864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            44682                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             51424                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.063083                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.243914                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   48190     93.71%     93.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    3224      6.27%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      10      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               51424                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests            10                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            6                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1825                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1825                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                  1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                     21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                     328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                            45386                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples             45091                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.040474                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.197070                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                   43266     95.95%     95.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                    1825      4.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total               45091                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34041                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17089                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            6723                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6707                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              10162                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4273                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4400                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            101                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             227                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6791                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6791                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4280                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5882                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        12833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        38380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                  51213                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       547392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      1334112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                 1881504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            33193                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples             67186                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.100825                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.301888                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   60428     89.94%     89.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                    6742     10.03%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                      16      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total               67186                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                6295                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3766.130970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  4563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                6295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.724861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1777.874917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    30.748074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    53.886748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   867.888903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1035.732328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.434051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.007507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.013156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.211887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.252864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.919466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3589                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3578                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.876221                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              129890                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             129890                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2502                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2502                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             232                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          669                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          669                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1055                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1055                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               1956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          669                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1287                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              1956                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1884                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          1884                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1833                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1833                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1852                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1852                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             5569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1833                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3736                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            5569                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2502                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2502                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2116                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2116                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         2502                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2907                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2907                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           7525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          7525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.890359                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.890359                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.732614                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.732614                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.637083                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.637083                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.732614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.743779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.740066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.732614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.743779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.740066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4335                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4335                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                1297                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3707.854261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                  3229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                1297                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.489591                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   691.566564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst  1587.800529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   796.120892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   123.639344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   508.726931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.168839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.387647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.194365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.030185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.124201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.905238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3546                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865723                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses               56934                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses              56934                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          758                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          758                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1239                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         1239                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          118                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             118                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1068                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1068                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          651                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          651                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               1837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1068                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          769                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              1837                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          524                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total           524                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          177                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          900                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          900                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             1601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            1601                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          758                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          758                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1239                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1239                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          642                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          642                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1245                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total           3438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total          3438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.816199                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.816199                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.142169                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.142169                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.580271                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.580271                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.142169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.649339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.465678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.142169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.649339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.465678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks            217                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                 217                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            2652.312827                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1195.271673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   551.466421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.574733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.291814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.220947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.134635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.647537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2584                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.630859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses                  85                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses                 85                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total                4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total               4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total              4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total             4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements               10544                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3701.803411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                 19632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs               10544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                1.861912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1452.173705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   675.432227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   445.587105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   392.436138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   736.174235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.354535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.164900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.108786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.095810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.179730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.903761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4040                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          990                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2878                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses              290551                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses             290551                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4273                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total         4273                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          377                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total             377                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2718                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2718                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2518                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2518                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total               5613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2718                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2895                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total              5613                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          126                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6414                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total          6414                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1561                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1561                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3364                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3364                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total            11339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1561                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9778                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total           11339                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4273                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4273                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6791                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6791                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4279                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4279                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5882                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5882                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total          16952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total         16952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.944485                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.944485                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.364805                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.364805                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.571914                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.571914                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.364805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.771562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.668889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.364805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.771562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.668889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks           3899                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                3899                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              6999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5540                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4735                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4724                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         6999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         7647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         8828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        16479                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        16094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        16110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 32589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       244544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       388864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       633424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       471424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       471488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1104912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           21250                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            42487                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.485537                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499797                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  21858     51.45%     51.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  20629     48.55%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              42487                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              1077                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1059                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              83                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            45                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              523                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             523                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1077                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         4738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total         4738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                  4738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       116312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       116312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 116312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           43709                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            46272                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.935015                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.246503                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                   3007      6.50%      6.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  43265     93.50%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              46272                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                    20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                    264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                           46606                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples            45090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.999778                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.014891                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                     10      0.02%      0.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                  45080     99.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total              45090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              5434                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7845                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8588                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8456                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5434                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        16399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        16435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        32834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         9825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total         9825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 42659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       542912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side       430944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total       973856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       417216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total       417216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                1391072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           15414                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            44024                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.349150                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.476707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  28653     65.08%     65.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  15371     34.92%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              44024                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         4363                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.732593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           25                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         4363                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.005730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.262833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.072305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.397202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.828927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.024825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.858287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        57555                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        57555                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3758                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3758                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           63                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1685                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1685                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          570                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          632                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         2317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2255                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         2317                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3758                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3758                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1686                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1686                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          570                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          632                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         2318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999407                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999407                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         3756                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         3756                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         1182                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.155158                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         1182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.087140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.412655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     1.416537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.708259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     6.113613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.504094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.088291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.088534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.044266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.382101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.281506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.884697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        25849                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        25849                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          217                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          217                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           83                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           83                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          523                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          523                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          900                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         1600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1423                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         1600                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          217                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          217                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           83                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          523                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          523                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          900                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         1600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         1600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          217                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          217                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements            1                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    13.162480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs            1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.587747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst           10                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.574733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.099234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.625000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.035921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.822655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses           76                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses           76                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements         3771                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    14.485619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           91                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs         3771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.024132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.862366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.282060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.486989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.751214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.102991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.303898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.205129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.030437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.171951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.193937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.905351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses        93316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses        93316                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1209                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1209                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::total           17                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2852                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         2852                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1542                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1113                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2655                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total         5507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1542                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3965                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total         5507                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1209                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1209                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2868                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2868                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1542                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1114                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2656                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total         5524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total         5524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999102                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999623                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.996923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks         1189                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total         1189                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         4479                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.416167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           53                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         4479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.011833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.120063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2.303189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.177479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.861119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.983882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.891274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.079160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.257504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.143949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.011092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.053820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.123993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.180705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.192448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        87457                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        87457                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1216                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1216                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2842                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2847                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          554                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1542                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1044                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3314                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         6161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          559                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1542                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3886                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         6161                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1216                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1216                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2844                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2849                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          554                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1542                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1045                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3315                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         6164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         6164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999298                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999043                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999698                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1205                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1205                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements         4435                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    12.924356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs           19                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs         4435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.004284                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.496410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.074480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.330709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.089944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.932814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.718526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.020669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.058301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.807772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses        62336                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses        62336                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3947                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3947                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1555                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          510                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         2065                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          377                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           67                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          509                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total         2574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1932                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          577                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total         2574                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3947                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3947                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1556                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2068                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          377                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           67                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          509                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total         2577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total         2577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999357                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996094                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998549                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks         3946                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total         3946                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33915                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8139                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28429                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4585                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62344                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12724                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43649                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  301629                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             165898                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               165898                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160091                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17146                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160091                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       220782                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112876                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62608                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34119                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28489                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      230960.715516                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70668.284484                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234289                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765711                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22544                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2862      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            95876     57.75%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35079     21.13%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28769     17.33%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166010                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37541                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23377                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4538436131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3667905641.883443                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      870530489.116557                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191813                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808187                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86816     63.90%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25655     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6410      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4538436017                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4536073871.955804                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2362145.044196                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82678                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88097                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170775                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4538843186                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450624                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433680                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46906                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433680                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624000                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294534                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171889                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83518                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88371                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1649866263.621778                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2888976922.378222                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636501                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363499                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58287                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9711      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256282     56.81%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85778     19.02%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88438     19.60%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451107                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4368                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              8                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5163                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2990                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          154                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          132                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          286                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          5060                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         5060                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4368                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side         8713                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total         8713                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         2573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side         2002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         4575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        14288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        14288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              27597                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       388672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       388672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        58968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        57344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       116312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       428576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total       428576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              933888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        26608                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         45090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.551076                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.497390                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               20242     44.89%     44.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               24848     55.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           45090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000750                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   750002000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2270529168000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               71809348                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 71808318                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              392758646                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1299868                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   137121564                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     137121564                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       120704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        34368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       263488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       165696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        42048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         7552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            640512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       120704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       263488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        42048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       430976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       228800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         228800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         4117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              10008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         3575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              3575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6314650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      2559993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst    160938237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     45823878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    351316396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    220927411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst     56063850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     10069306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            854013723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6314650                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst    160938237                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    351316396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     56063850                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       574633134                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      305065853                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           305065853                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      305065853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      6314650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      2559993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst    160938237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     45823878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    351316396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    220927411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst     56063850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     10069306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1159079576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       144896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        59648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       334208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        12416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      1077184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           1632512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        59648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        63424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks      1562240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        1562240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           59                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         2264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         5222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide        16831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              25508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks        24410                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             24410                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       511999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5034653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    193194151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     79530455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    445609478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     16554623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide     1436241503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           2176676862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5034653                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     79530455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        84565108                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     2082981112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          2082981112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     2082981112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       511999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      5034653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    193194151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     79530455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    445609478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     16554623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide    1436241503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          4259657974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       538                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     222     41.50%     41.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     72     13.46%     54.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.19%     55.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.19%     55.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    239     44.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 535                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      222     42.86%     42.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      72     13.90%     56.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.19%     56.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.19%     57.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     222     42.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  518                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               919980500     96.03%     96.03% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                5400000      0.56%     96.60% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     96.60% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     96.62% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               32380000      3.38%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           957974000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.928870                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.968224                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  389     83.84%     83.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      3      0.65%     84.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      72     15.52%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   464                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               74                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements               81                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          452.118475                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs               1592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               81                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            19.654321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   452.118475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.883044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.883044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.925781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            60013                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses           60013                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        18389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          18389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10455                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         10455                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          506                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          506                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          436                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          436                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        28844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           28844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        28844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          28844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        18495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        18495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        10485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          517                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          517                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          446                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          446                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        28980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        28980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        28980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        28980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.002861                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002861                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.021277                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.021277                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.022422                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.022422                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              212                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              48188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           227.301887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2.727910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   509.272090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.005328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.994672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          334                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           197232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          197232                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        98298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          98298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        98298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           98298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        98298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          98298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          212                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          212                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        98510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        98510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        98510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        98510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        98510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        98510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       686                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     176     46.68%     46.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.27%     46.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.27%     47.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    199     52.79%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 377                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      176     49.86%     49.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.28%     50.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.28%     50.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     175     49.58%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  353                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               716658000     98.21%     98.21% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     98.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     98.24% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12859000      1.76%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           729730500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.879397                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.936340                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.25%      0.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      3.46%      3.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.49%      4.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  353     87.16%     91.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      2      0.49%     91.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.25%     92.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      22      5.43%     97.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.22%     99.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.25%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   405                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               34                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  3                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.617647                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.333333                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.736842                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          65384500     60.99%     60.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            41819000     39.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5228                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          498.842266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              82326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            15.747131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   498.842266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.974301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           165502                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          165502                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        41673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          41673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        31920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         31920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          526                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          526                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          594                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          594                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        73593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           73593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        73593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          73593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          108                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          108                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           39                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        44669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        44669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        34186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        34186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          634                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          634                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          633                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          633                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        78855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        78855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        78855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        78855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.067071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066284                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.066284                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.170347                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.170347                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.061611                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.061611                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2797                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             409080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2797                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           146.256704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.074190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.925810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           434991                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          434991                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       213300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         213300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       213300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          213300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       213300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         213300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       216097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       216097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       216097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       216097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       216097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       216097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2797                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             2797                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      69                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      4695                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    1062     39.54%     39.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     18      0.67%     40.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.04%     40.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.04%     40.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1604     59.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2686                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     1061     49.56%     49.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      18      0.84%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.05%     50.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.05%     50.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    1060     49.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 2141                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               775358500     80.93%     80.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1287000      0.13%     81.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     81.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     81.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              181244500     18.92%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           958051000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999058                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.660848                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.797096                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         3     12.00%     12.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      4.00%     16.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4     16.00%     32.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      4.00%     36.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      4.00%     40.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      4.00%     44.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      4.00%     48.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       10     40.00%     88.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      4.00%     92.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      4.00%     96.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      4.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    25                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.12%      0.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  167      5.17%      5.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.15%      5.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2449     75.87%     81.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     97      3.00%     84.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.03%     84.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     217      6.72%     91.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  42      1.30%     92.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.06%     92.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                243      7.53%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  3228                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              383                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                196                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                195                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  196                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.509138                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.675302                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1678020500     96.73%     96.73% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            56771500      3.27%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     167                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            18458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          486.589827                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             334253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            18458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            18.108842                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    36.420022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   450.169805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.071133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.879238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.950371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           732718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          732718                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       191437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         191437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       137865                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        137865                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4512                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4512                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       329302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          329302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       329302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         329302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        11106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          531                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          531                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        18421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         18421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        18421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        18421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       202543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       202543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       145180                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       145180                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4646                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4646                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       347723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       347723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       347723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       347723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.054833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.050386                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050386                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.114292                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.114292                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.021258                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.021258                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.052976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.052976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.052976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.052976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        11120                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            11120                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            25577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            1075589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            25577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            42.052977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    68.892192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   443.107808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.134555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.865445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2262619                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         2262619                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1092944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1092944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1092944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         1092944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1092944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        1092944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        25577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        25577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        25577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         25577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        25577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        25577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1118521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1118521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1118521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      1118521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1118521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      1118521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        25577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            25577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                        82                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                      26     36.62%     36.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      1.41%     38.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      4.23%     42.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     41     57.75%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                  71                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                       26     47.27%     47.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      1.82%     49.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      5.45%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                      25     45.45%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                   55                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               932728000     99.50%     99.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     99.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.04%     99.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                4246000      0.45%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           937374500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.609756                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.774648                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      3.95%      3.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                   65     85.53%     89.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      5      6.58%     96.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       3      3.95%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                    76                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                6                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              534                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          421.891617                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               4192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              534                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.850187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   421.891617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.824007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.824007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.822266                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            15017                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           15017                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           35                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total            6384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total           6384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          688                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          688                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           53                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           53                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.114132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.114132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.078642                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078642                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.345455                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.345455                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.339623                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.339623                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.097285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.097285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              979                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              52490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            53.615935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            41173                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           41173                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        19118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          19118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        19118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           19118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        19118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          19118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        20097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        20097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        20097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        20097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        20097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        20097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          979                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              979                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 143                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  1196032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        149                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  659                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 659                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               19303                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              19303                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        37460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        37460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   39924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          361                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2854                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1196368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1196368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  1199222                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                18730                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                18730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               168570                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              168570                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        18688                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        18688                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               42                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        18688                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        18688                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           18688                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                18688                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests           662                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          323                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1845                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1845                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 431                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp                760                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                289                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               289                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           43                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean          212                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict               38                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               20                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             10                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              30                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            212                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           117                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                   2471                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        27136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        12622                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                   39758                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           118958                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            120279                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.015339                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.122899                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  118434     98.47%     98.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    1845      1.53%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              120279                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         16231                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8176                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            9122                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9120                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp               5901                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3181                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2796                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2047                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              112                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             39                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             151                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2154                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2154                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2797                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3104                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         8390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        16052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  24442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       357952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       540120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                  898072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           119788                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            135932                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.067137                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.250318                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  126808     93.29%     93.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    9122      6.71%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              135932                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests         88662                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        44325                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           33                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           17032                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        17004                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           28                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                 182                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              37396                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                307                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp               307                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11120                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean        25565                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              192                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             98                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             290                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7123                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7123                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          25577                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         11637                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        76719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        57515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                 134234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      3273088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      1913364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                 5186452                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                           115730                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples            204693                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.083667                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.277382                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                  187595     91.65%     91.65% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   17070      8.34%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                      28      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total              204693                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests          3217                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1581                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            5250                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5250                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadReq                   4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp               1426                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          277                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean          979                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict              257                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               50                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             18                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              68                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq               214                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp              214                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            979                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           443                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         2937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         2024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                   4961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       125312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        59820                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                  185132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            89383                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples             92127                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.056987                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.231818                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   86877     94.30%     94.30% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                    5250      5.70%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total               92127                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                  45                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3493.475481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                    45                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                  45                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                       1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1375.302759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst           19                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data           21                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst  1124.293953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   953.878769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.335767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.004639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.005127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.274486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.232881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.852899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.834717                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses                5476                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses               5476                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           43                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           43                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          212                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total          212                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          138                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          138                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           65                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total                203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          138                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           65                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total               203                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total             9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           74                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           74                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total              136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           74                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           62                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total             136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           43                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          212                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total          212                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          212                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          117                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          117                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total            339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total           339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.900000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.900000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.349057                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.349057                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.452991                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.452991                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.349057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.488189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.401180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.349057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.488189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.401180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks             21                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                  21                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                6460                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3829.538496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                  3833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                6460                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                0.593344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1829.486083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     7.150632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   899.050092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1089.851690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.446652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.001746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.219495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.266077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.934946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3558                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.868652                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              138760                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             138760                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3181                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3181                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2796                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         2796                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          839                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          839                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1114                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1114                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               2191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          839                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              2191                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          112                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          112                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1916                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          1916                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1958                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1958                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1990                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1990                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             5864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1958                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3906                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            5864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3181                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3181                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2796                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2796                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          112                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2797                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         2797                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3104                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3104                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total           8055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total          8055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.889508                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.889508                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.700036                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.700036                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.641108                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.641108                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.700036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.742868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.727995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.700036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.742868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.727995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           4422                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                4422                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements               12487                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3775.694773                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                 54694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs               12487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                4.380075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1243.973746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   325.696743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   172.541156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1344.037522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   689.445606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.303705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.079516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.042124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.328134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.168322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.921800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4008                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          906                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          628                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses              730546                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses             730546                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        11120                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11120                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        25565                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total        25565                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1297                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total            1297                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        20511                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        20511                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         8549                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         8549                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        20511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         9846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total              30357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        20511                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         9846                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total             30357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          192                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          192                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5826                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total          5826                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5066                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         5066                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3088                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3088                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total            13980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5066                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8914                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total           13980                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        11120                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11120                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        25565                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        25565                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          192                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7123                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7123                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        25577                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        25577                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        11637                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        11637                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        25577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        18760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total          44337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        25577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        18760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total         44337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.817914                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.817914                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.198069                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.198069                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.265360                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.265360                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.198069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.475160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.315312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.198069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.475160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.315312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks           4692                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                4692                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                 563                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3709.267077                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                   713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                 563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                1.266430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1232.656529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst            7                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data            7                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst  1316.207402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1146.403146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.300942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.321340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.279884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.905583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3806                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.929199                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses               27161                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses              27161                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          277                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          277                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          979                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total          979                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total              10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          322                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          322                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          160                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          160                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total                492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          170                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total               492                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           50                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           50                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          204                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total           204                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          657                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          283                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          283                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total             1144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          487                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total            1144                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          277                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          277                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          979                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total          979                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           50                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          979                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          979                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          443                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          443                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total           1636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total          1636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.953271                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.953271                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.671093                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.671093                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.638826                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.638826                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.671093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.741248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.699267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.671093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.741248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.699267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks            203                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                 203                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                617                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              9862                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               615                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              615                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        20403                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3374                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              89                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           106                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             81                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9245                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        18688                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        18688                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side           62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         1797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        25167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        26191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        50606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        56190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 84178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         8192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1742                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        11726                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       745344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       746456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       119808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      1078912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1198720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1956902                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           64646                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           119784                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.539012                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.498478                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  55219     46.10%     46.10% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  64565     53.90%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             119784                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              3948                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4422                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1871                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            39                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            157                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1910                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1910                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3948                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        18329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        18329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 18329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       657944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       657944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 657944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          114123                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           125549                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.901943                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.297393                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  12311      9.81%      9.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 113238     90.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             125549                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              8336                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq               307                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp              307                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            98                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             5802                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            5802                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8154                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        41602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        41602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                 41602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side      1194516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total      1194516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                1194516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                          103386                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples           129898                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.793353                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.404901                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                  26843     20.66%     20.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                 103055     79.34%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total             129898                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              4022                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp               16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        24433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1675                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             337                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            70                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            273                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq            23840                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp           23389                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4018                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side         1915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total         2945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        79148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total        79148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 82093                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        32576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        53484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        86060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      3231744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      3231744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                3317804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           35930                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            90108                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.394626                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.488773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  54549     60.54%     60.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  35559     39.46%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              90108                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        16875                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.193835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        16875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.000652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14.528994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.578202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.086639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.908062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.036138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.005415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.125000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       287037                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       287037                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16828                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16828                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        16832                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        16832                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16828                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16828                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        16832                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        16832                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total           58                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.982759                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.982759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.982759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks        16824                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total        16824                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         8297                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.996439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           69                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         8297                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.008316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.783355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     7.097982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.115102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.361460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.443624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.132194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.937277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       108744                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       108744                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4422                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4422                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          118                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          118                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1910                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1910                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1958                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1990                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3948                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         5858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1958                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3900                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         5858                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4422                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4422                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          118                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1910                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1910                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1958                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1990                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3948                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         5858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         5858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         4426                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         4426                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements        12606                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    15.417512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs          218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs        12606                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.017293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.811611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     5.613868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     4.992033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.300726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.350867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.312002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses       229464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses       229464                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total           14                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          216                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          216                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5802                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total         5802                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5066                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3074                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         8140                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total        13942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5066                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8876                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total        13942                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          216                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5802                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5802                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5066                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3088                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         8154                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         8890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total        13956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         8890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total        13956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995466                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998283                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks         4670                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total         4670                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements          817                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    13.454917                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs            9                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs          817                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.011016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.316589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.557236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     5.581092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.207287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.284827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.348818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.840932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.562500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses         9195                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses         9195                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           23                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total           23                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          151                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          808                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total          812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          155                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total          812                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           23                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           23                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          151                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total          812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total          812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks           20                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total           20                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements        10759                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.792692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           63                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs        10759                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.005856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.329339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     1.553547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.413928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     5.368020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     4.854921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.206307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.066630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.208084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.097097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.025871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.335501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.303433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.012894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.004164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       141522                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       141522                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1706                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1706                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           44                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           16                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total           46                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          845                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          876                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1886                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          525                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4117                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1771                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          120                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         9076                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         9952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1886                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          552                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4117                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2616                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          124                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         9952                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1706                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1706                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          847                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          878                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1899                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          528                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4133                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1782                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          121                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         9120                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         9998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         9998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997639                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997722                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.993154                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994318                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.996129                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993827                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991736                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995175                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.993154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.996129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.993154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.996129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1694                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1694                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements        27212                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.782645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs          103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs        27212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.003785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.059529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.020069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.090228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.359644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.970140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.281488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.001547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.691221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.001254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.022478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.123134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.142593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses       468092                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses       468092                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        24234                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total        24234                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           79                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           93                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          175                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1862                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4495                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide        16831                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total        23188                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           59                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1116                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          932                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          963                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3078                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        16832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total        26266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2978                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          932                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5458                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        16832                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total        26266                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        24234                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        24234                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           79                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           93                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          175                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1863                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4496                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        16831                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total        23190                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           59                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1117                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          932                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          972                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3088                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        16832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total        26278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           59                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        16832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total        26278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999463                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999105                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.990741                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996762                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks        24230                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total        24230                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               19299                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              11290                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               30589                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              10754                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          10754                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 1916093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts              98510                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps                98510                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses        94636                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               9004                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts         6527                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts               94636                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       120408                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes        73301                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                30735                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              19443                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             11292                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1790262.228456                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      125830.771544                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.065670                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.934330                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    16816                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          443      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            62844     63.79%     64.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult              79      0.08%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           21046     21.36%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          11294     11.46%     97.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          2804      2.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total             98510                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               45171                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               130                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           18320                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              34799                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          10411                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               79970                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               148                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           28731                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              87802                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          87923                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 1459016                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             215939                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               215939                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       208635                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           343                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               5471                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        22920                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              208635                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  343                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       286296                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       148563                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          178                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                80305                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              45433                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             34872                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1248708.158797                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      210307.841203                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.144144                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.855856                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    30054                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         3857      1.78%      1.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           126426     58.50%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             166      0.08%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             46      0.02%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           46446     21.49%     81.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          35153     16.27%     98.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          4000      1.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            216097                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              205698                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               752                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           18285                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             149806                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              182                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   8                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          11052                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              355504                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               934                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   20                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           29337                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             152549                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              493                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         153042                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 1916182                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            1117567                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              1117567                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses      1073914                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          3104                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls              36601                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       114529                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts             1073914                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 3104                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      1469274                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       793307                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         1374                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         1399                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               358639                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             208135                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            150504                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      486768.596654                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1429413.403346                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.745970                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.254030                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   162469                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass        19671      1.76%      1.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           702071     62.77%     64.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            2295      0.21%     64.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd            490      0.04%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt             11      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             2      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              6      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          216465     19.35%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         150929     13.49%     97.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         26581      2.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           1118521                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                3757                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 3                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              19                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits               3417                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                7174                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 3                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              19                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits               1021                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses           1021                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 1874755                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              20094                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                20094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        19439                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                862                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         1961                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               19439                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads        26803                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        13610                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                 7206                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts               3777                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts              3429                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1849644.598525                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      25110.401475                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.013394                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.986606                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                     3062                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          216      1.07%      1.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            12142     60.42%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult              43      0.21%     61.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.05%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead            3880     19.31%     81.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite           3434     17.09%     98.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess           371      1.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             20097                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             186                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13139                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            326                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           326                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        25940                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         5964                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          352                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          148                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          500                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         24546                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        24546                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        12953                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        50621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        50621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         6948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        10905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        17853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        19737                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        18931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        38668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         1784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total         1784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             108926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      2157632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      2157632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       185880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       472320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       658200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       540948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       651136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total      1192084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        53292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        53292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             4061208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        43514                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        117256                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.369363                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.482634                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               73946     63.06%     63.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               43310     36.94%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          117256                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
