
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354541000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2261608720500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              244604133                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                244596568                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              735694655                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 758172                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117871077                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117871077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        81472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        28544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        31296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        14208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       123456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        67648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            346624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        81472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        31296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       123456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       236224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        22208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          22208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          446                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               5416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    229795708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     80509729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     88271878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     40074350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst    348213606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    190804449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            977669719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    229795708                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     88271878                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst    348213606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       666281192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       62638736                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            62638736                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       62638736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    229795708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     80509729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     88271878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     40074350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst    348213606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    190804449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1040308455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        32704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       170496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        74560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       559552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            843200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        32704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        38592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       540032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         540032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          511                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2664                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         8743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              13175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         8438                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              8438                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     92243210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    480892196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      9928330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    210300078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      6679058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data   1578243419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           2378286291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     92243210                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      9928330                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      6679058                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       108850598                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1523186317                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1523186317                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1523186317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     92243210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    480892196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      9928330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    210300078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      6679058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data   1578243419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          3901472608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138947500     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12095000      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151207000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61965000     75.51%     75.51% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.49%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.414480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.934687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    24.614958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   471.799521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.048076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130043                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130043                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          584                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          584                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27841                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27841                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.085719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.077835                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.077835                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.044190                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044190                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3053                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3053                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             338127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           136.231668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    26.616754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   485.355207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.051986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.947959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           334685                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          334685                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       794                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351590500     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357376500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.44%      5.44% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.75%      6.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1018731000     93.80%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2111                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.280501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.220748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    87.252767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   370.027733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.170416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.722710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78630                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12772                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12772                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          677                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          677                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050338                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050338                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046218                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046218                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.803958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              99894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.780757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   192.394137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   319.409820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.375770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.623847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357113000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357277500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          273.196767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   272.047466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.149301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.531343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.533587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.517578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               551062000     98.32%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           560495000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         509970000     87.10%     87.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     12.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.435449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             159032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.448689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.312533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   318.122916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.334595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.621334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355487                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355487                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        75991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1204                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1204                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          155914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         155914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.080023                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.080023                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.062305                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.062305                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             253769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.430679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.405199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.465997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.401182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           906533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          906533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         22102                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11277                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1305                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            9495                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8762                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          733                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8326                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3928                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              127                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             49                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             176                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2717                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2717                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3752                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4574                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        14972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  32092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       295616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       518288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       139392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       199768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1153064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            45005                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             66997                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.194934                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.423152                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   54678     81.61%     81.61% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   11578     17.28%     98.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     741      1.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               66997                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34358                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17045                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1281                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           11314                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9860                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1454                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8107                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4244                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               83                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             83                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             166                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4271                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  50406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       492288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1342560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1835176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            34595                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             68587                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.221077                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.463253                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   54878     80.01%     80.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   12255     17.87%     97.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    1454      2.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               68587                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                9350                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3862.109017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  6935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                9350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.741711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2026.560747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   112.684716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   229.154976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    72.484230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    99.860383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   434.109205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   417.017234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   183.287334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   286.950192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.494766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.027511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.055946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.017696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.024380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.105984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.101811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.044748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.070056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.942898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3742                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3531                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.913574                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              178222                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             178222                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3928                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3928                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          309                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             397                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          699                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          725                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1424                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          955                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          628                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1583                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               3404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          699                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1264                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          725                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          716                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              3404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           83                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          548                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2320                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1784                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          544                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2328                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1981                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          934                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2915                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             7563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1784                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3753                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1482                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            7563                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3928                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3928                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           83                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2081                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          636                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2717                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3752                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2936                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1562                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4498                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.960000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990741                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.851514                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.861635                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.853883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.718486                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.428684                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.620469                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.674728                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.597951                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.648066                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.718486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.748057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.428684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.674249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.689614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.718486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.748057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.428684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.674249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.689614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           3756                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                3756                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               12672                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3820.668826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 14682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               12672                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.158617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1749.332334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   489.927415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   431.576083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   182.972031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   203.867208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.043843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   282.368585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   480.581327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.427083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.119611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.105365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.044671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.049772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.068938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.117329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.932780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4042                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          697                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1653                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1568                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986816                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              284856                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             284856                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8107                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8107                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          531                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             531                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2304                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2304                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2142                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2143                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               4978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2673                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              4978                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           79                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           81                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6340                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6340                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1967                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1967                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3853                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3854                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        10193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            12161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1967                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        10193                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           12161                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8107                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8107                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           81                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           79                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5995                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5997                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.987654                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.987952                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.922719                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.922719                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.460548                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.460548                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.642702                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642655                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.460548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.792243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.709551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.460548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.792243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.709551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           5058                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                5058                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              8253                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5100                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           108                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            210                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8253                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         6262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        16031                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        22303                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         8416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         8426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 30729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       169344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       554688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       724072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       206656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       206696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 930768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           29738                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            50844                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.577610                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.493945                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  21476     42.24%     42.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  29368     57.76%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              50844                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              8623                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8627                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6500                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8587                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8587                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8623                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        25471                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         9370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        34841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        15337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        15337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 50178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       891328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       209448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1100776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       552832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       552832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1653608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           10822                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            44502                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.241697                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.428116                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  33746     75.83%     75.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  10756     24.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              44502                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         6321                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.329113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           80                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         6321                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.012656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.762757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.001378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.444131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.814501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.194236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.111835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.672672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.027758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.050906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.194490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.958070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        95156                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        95156                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3583                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3583                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           81                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          101                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1731                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          536                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2267                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          511                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1532                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          704                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2802                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         5069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          511                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3263                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1240                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         5069                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3583                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3583                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           81                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1739                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          536                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          511                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1536                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          707                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2809                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         5084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         5084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995400                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.996484                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997396                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995757                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997508                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         3569                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         3569                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         3144                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.909071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           98                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         3144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.031170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.735507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     3.278581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.727998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     1.093653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.729406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     3.887745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.456180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.108469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.204911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.045500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.068353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.045588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.242984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.278511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        52956                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        52956                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          189                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          189                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           16                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1930                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1089                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3019                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         3067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1930                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1137                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         3067                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          189                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          189                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1930                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1103                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3033                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         3083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         3083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.987307                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995384                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.986123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.986123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          186                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         3136                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.917444                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           75                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         3136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.023916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.365261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     3.278110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.727998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     1.094122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.729409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.096807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.625737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.085329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.204882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.045500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.068383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.045588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.256050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.289109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        52761                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        52761                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          186                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          186                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1929                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1081                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3010                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         3055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1929                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1126                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         3055                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          186                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          186                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1930                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1089                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3019                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         3067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         3067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.937500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.937500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999482                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992654                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997019                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.990325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.996087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.990325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          174                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          174                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         6317                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.170677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           52                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         6317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.008232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.683644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.001187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.436890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.819860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.190156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.038633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.542728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.027306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.051241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.189915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.823167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses        94886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses        94886                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3569                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3569                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           81                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          101                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1731                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          536                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         2267                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          511                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1532                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          704                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2802                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         5069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          511                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3263                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1240                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         5069                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3569                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3569                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           81                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1731                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          536                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2267                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          511                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1532                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          704                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2802                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         5069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         5069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         3569                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         3569                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33933                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8144                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28434                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4590                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62367                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12734                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43649                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  301720                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             165989                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               165989                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17159                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160182                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       220906                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112945                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62631                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34137                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28494                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      231003.138567                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70716.861433                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234379                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765621                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22557                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2862      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            95944     57.76%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35097     21.13%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28774     17.32%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166101                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37541                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23377                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4522810363                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3655417795.258580                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      867392567.741420                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191782                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808218                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86816     63.90%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25655     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6410      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4522810249                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4520456618.563501                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2353630.436499                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82681                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88100                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170781                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4523217442                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433704                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294555                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171895                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83521                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88374                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1644500147.033206                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2878717294.966794                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636431                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363569                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58289                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9711      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256300     56.81%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85781     19.01%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88441     19.60%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451131                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5821                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3755                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4899                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          118                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           80                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          181                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2315                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2315                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5821                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        15984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        15984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         9331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         9331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              25315                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       552832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       552832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       208232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       208232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              761064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        31095                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         47652                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.643394                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.479002                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               16993     35.66%     35.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               30659     64.34%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           47652                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.972670                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                972670158500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3234635371500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1190130                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1190130                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              562249131                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 763292                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1729.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2058881427                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2058881427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        19520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        19392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       102464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        38464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst     22700672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     32736768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       286272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       185472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          56089024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        19520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       102464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     22700672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       286272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     23108928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks     19379200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       19379200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1601                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          601                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst       354698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       511512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         4473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         2898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             876391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       302800                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            302800                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        20068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        19937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       105343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        39545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     23338510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     33656597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       294316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       190683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             57664999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        20068                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       105343                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     23338510                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       294316                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        23758237                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       19923712                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            19923712                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       19923712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        20068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        19937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       105343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        39545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     23338510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     33656597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       294316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       190683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            77588711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        32640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        35392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       214208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        89280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    977282496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        68288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      3819200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         981541504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        35392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        89280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       124672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    176594240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      176594240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         3347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1395                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data     15270039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide        59675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total           15336586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      2759285                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           2759285                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        33557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        36386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       220227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst        91789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data   1004741934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        70207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide        3926511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1009120610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        36386                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        91789                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          128175                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      181556141                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           181556141                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      181556141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        33557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        36386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       220227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst        91789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data   1004741934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        70207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide       3926511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1190676751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     999                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     21690                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    4999     25.39%     25.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    296      1.50%     26.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    996      5.06%     31.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     31.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  13400     68.05%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               19692                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     4999     44.27%     44.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     296      2.62%     46.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     996      8.82%     55.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     55.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    4999     44.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                11291                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            971913600000     99.90%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               22200000      0.00%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               48804000      0.01%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              892325500      0.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        972877094000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.373060                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.573380                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                    4      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                17108     83.88%     83.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1994      9.78%     93.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    1291      6.33%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 20397                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1297                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       4                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4626                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          481.218335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             558011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           120.624946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   481.218335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.939880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.939880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.976562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1717998                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1717998                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       537912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         537912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       292358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        292358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         7888                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7888                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6717                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6717                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       830270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          830270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       830270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         830270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4172                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4172                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          275                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          275                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1144                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1144                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          9494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         9494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       543234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       543234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       296530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       296530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7861                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7861                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       839764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       839764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       839764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       839764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.009797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.014069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.033689                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.033689                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.145529                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.145529                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1985                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1985                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             9681                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1106256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           114.270840                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5004639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5004639                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2487798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2487798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2487798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2487798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2487798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2487798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          9681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         9681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2497479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2497479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2497479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2497479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2497479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2497479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9681                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             9681                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     998                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     18123                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    4207     26.59%     26.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    996      6.30%     32.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     32.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  10616     67.10%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               15820                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     4207     44.71%     44.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     996     10.58%     55.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     55.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    4206     44.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 9410                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            971830564500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               48804000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              531124000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        972410657000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.396194                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.594817                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   18      0.11%      0.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.01%      0.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                13806     81.95%     82.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1992     11.82%     93.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.01%     93.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    1017      6.04%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.05%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 16847                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               36                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               1000                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 23                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    3                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.638889                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.003000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.043561                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          72833000      0.01%      0.01% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            50750500      0.01%      0.02% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        780883152500     99.98%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      18                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             9704                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          492.708516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             336118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             9704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            34.637057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   492.708516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.962321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.962321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1263898                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1263898                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       384378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         384378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       220143                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        220143                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3564                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3564                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3425                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3425                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       604521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          604521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       604521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         604521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        10370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3197                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3197                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          263                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          263                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         13567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        13567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       394748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       394748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       223340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       223340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3690                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3690                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3688                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3688                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       618088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       618088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       618088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       618088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.026270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.014314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.034146                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.034146                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.071312                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.071312                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3429                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3429                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            10150                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999986                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            1106211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            10150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           108.986305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.000061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.999925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3696412                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         3696412                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1832978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1832978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1832978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         1832978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1832978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        1832978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        10152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         10152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        10152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1843130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1843130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1843130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      1843130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1843130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      1843130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks        10150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total            10150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     182                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                  11781058                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   18208     39.63%     39.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     55      0.12%     39.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    996      2.17%     41.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     41.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  26686     58.08%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               45946                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    18207     48.60%     48.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      55      0.15%     48.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     996      2.66%     51.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.00%     51.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   18206     48.59%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                37465                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            970641389500     99.77%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3932500      0.00%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               48804000      0.01%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2182840500      0.22%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        972877078500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999945                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.682230                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.815414                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                       427     62.34%     62.34% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        12      1.75%     64.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         2      0.29%     64.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                      235     34.31%     98.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      0.15%     98.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      0.15%     98.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.15%     99.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.15%     99.27% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        2      0.29%     99.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.15%     99.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      0.15%     99.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      0.15%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   685                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  229      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.00%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                37796      2.96%      2.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   2263      0.18%      3.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%      3.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    7098      0.56%      3.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 700      0.05%      3.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.00%      3.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique            1229298     96.23%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total               1277397                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             7326                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               7051                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               7050                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 7051                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.962326                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.980803                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       13054097000      1.34%      1.34% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        960601565500     98.66%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     229                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         25306457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.933127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          485549256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         25306457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            19.186773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.029153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.903974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.999812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1047078515                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1047078515                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    324936865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      324936865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    147976819                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     147976819                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      6297375                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      6297375                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      6361504                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      6361504                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    472913684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       472913684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    472913684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      472913684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     23419465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     23419465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1827172                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1827172                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        64541                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        64541                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          346                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          346                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     25246637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      25246637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     25246637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     25246637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    348356330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    348356330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    149803991                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    149803991                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6361916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      6361916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6361850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      6361850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    498160321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    498160321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    498160321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    498160321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.067228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.012197                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012197                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.010145                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010145                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000054                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.050680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.050680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4332968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          4332968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements         12250880                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         1914530240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs         12250880                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           156.276956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.056425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.943575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3901811872                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      3901811872                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1932529616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1932529616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1932529616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      1932529616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1932529616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     1932529616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst     12250880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12250880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst     12250880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total      12250880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst     12250880                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total     12250880                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1944780496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1944780496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1944780496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   1944780496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1944780496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   1944780496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks     12250880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total         12250880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    1001                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     17569                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    4083     26.23%     26.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    996      6.40%     32.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.02%     32.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  10482     67.35%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               15564                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     4083     44.55%     44.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     996     10.87%     55.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.03%     55.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    4082     44.54%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 9164                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            972045161000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               48804000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              522978500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        972617295000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.389429                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.588795                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    7      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                13568     81.89%     81.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   1995     12.04%     93.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     998      6.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 16568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1005                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       7                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             5082                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          460.359042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             272583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5082                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.636954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   460.359042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.899139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.899139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.945312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1102835                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1102835                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       342649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         342649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       189196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        189196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3070                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3070                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2877                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2877                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       531845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          531845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       531845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         531845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1251                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1251                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          235                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          235                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          9098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9098                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         9098                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       350496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       350496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       190447                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       190447                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3120                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3120                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       540943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       540943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       540943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       540943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.006569                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006569                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016026                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.016026                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075514                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.075514                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          599                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              599                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             8553                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             743533                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             8553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            86.932421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3268811                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses         3268811                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1621576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1621576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1621576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total         1621576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1621576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total        1621576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         8553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         8553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         8553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          8553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         8553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         8553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1630129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1630129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1630129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total      1630129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1630129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total      1630129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         8553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             8553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 583                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  4804608                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        590                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 2501                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                2501                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               81205                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              81205                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         8910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         2366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         2974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         2640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        16946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       150466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       150466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  167412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        35640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         3255                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1487                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1485                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        42091                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      4805896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      4805896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  4847987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                75233                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                75233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               677097                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              677097                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        75072                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        75072                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              161                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        75072                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        75072                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           75072                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                75072                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         78863                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        41048                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        16087                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          236367                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        98286                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       138081                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                1776                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              37702                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               3181                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              3181                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5414                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        10754                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4358                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4074                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1407                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            5481                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          19833                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         16093                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        23697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        32736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        26723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        36688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                 119844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       897024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       553130                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1060544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1057264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 3567962                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         32464637                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          32542303                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.012538                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.144456                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                32272357     99.17%     99.17% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                  131864      0.41%     99.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                  138082      0.42%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            32542303                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      75151312                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     37573605                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       216673                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         8627597                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      8277797                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       349800                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 564                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           35751900                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               2952                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              2952                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4333567                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean     12158687                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         20863391                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1500                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            581                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2081                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1826923                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1826923                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       12259433                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      23491903                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     36654118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     75820835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        23435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        24969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total              112523357                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   1561807232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   1897182797                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       952448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       589380                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              3460531857                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         19940953                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          95093784                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.098969                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.310694                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                86032291     90.47%     90.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                 8711689      9.16%     99.63% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                  349804      0.37%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            95093784                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                9764                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3892.871380                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 18091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                9764                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                1.852827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1931.973924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     8.000053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    13.784902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     1.000415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2.769030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   178.066342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   192.183822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   652.098001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   912.994894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.471673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.001953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.003365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.043473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.046920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.159204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.222899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.950408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3954                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3928                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.965332                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              517452                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             517452                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5414                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5414                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        10754                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        10754                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          462                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          327                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             789                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         9376                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         7998                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        17374                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3974                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4836                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         8810                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         9376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         7998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              26973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         9376                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4436                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         7998                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5163                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             26973                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3332                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          724                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         4056                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1131                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          254                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1385                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2142                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2304                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          305                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2154                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2459                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          791                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4251                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5042                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             9805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          305                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          953                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2154                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6393                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            9805                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5414                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5414                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        10754                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        10754                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3335                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          724                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         4059                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1131                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          254                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1385                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          624                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2469                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3093                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9681                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        10152                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        19833                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4765                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9087                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        13852                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        10152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        11556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          36778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        10152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        11556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         36778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999100                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999261                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.259615                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.867558                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.744908                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.031505                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.212175                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.123985                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.166002                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.467811                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.363991                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.031505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.176842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.212175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.553219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.266600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.031505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.176842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.212175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.553219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.266600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           3726                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                3726                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements            17596041                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4069.615495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              49513236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs            17596041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.813885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   683.863140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.065449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.073298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.007166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.009690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst    85.961512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  3296.061567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.687792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.885880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.166959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.020987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.804703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.993558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4082                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          543                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          705                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1800                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996582                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           618906334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          618906334                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4333567                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      4333567                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     12158687                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total     12158687                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       618331                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          618357                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     11847522                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4049                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total     11851571                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      8883639                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1385                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      8885024                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     11847522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      9501970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total           21354952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     11847522                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      9501970                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4049                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1411                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total          21354952                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          569                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          634                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1203                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          323                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          223                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          546                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1207967                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          538                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       1208505                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       403358                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4504                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       407862                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     14599974                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6054                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     14606028                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       403358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     15807941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total         16222395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       403358                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     15807941                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4504                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total        16222395                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4333567                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4333567                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     12158687                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total     12158687                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          574                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          634                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1208                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          326                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          223                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          549                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1826298                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          564                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1826862                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     12250880                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         8553                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     12259433                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     23483613                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7439                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     23491052                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     12250880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     25309911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         8553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         8003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       37577347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     12250880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     25309911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         8553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         8003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      37577347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991289                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.995861                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.990798                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994536                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.661429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.953901                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.661520                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.032925                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.526599                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.033269                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.621709                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.813819                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.621770                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.032925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.624575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.526599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.823691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.431707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.032925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.624575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.526599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.823691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.431707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        2987440                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             2987440                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               2340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            814081                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              6133                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             6133                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       366097                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          360504                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            5409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1950                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           7074                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            78078                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           77864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       811741                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        75072                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        75072                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        21411                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        16472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        47797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      2407020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      2414052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        45888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       179811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       225699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               2687548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       305344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       560576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        23066                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       888986                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     74684096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        19025                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     74703121                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       978944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      3835968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      4814912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               80407019                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        30677731                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         32476877                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.944585                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.228789                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                1799707      5.54%      5.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               30677170     94.46%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           32476877                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                564                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp          15017874                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              2952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             2952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3050725                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict        13088871                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1611                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           597                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1881                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1270282                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1270221                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     15017310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     45815944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      2714350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     48530294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       195546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       195546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              48725840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port   1150016448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     79431569                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total   1229448017                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      8219392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      8219392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total             1237667409                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                         2213835                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         34646651                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.063845                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.244476                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               32434639     93.62%     93.62% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                2212012      6.38%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           34646651                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        66630                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.527071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        66630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.001981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15.295733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.132491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.097809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.955983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.008281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.006113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.562500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.375000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      1116506                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      1116506                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        63297                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        63297                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           19                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           29                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1901                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1949                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          493                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          553                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2233                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          142                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3421                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        59776                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        59776                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         5370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          541                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          553                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4134                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          142                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         5370                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        63297                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        63297                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1907                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1955                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          493                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          553                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2237                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3444                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        59776                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        59776                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         5399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         5399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996854                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.996931                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998212                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.881988                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.993322                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.881988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.881988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks        63288                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total        63288                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements      1074788                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.985603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs       185143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs      1074788                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.172260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.699237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     4.091193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     7.165561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.012686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.016927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.293702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.255700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.447848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses     15200622                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses     15200622                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       291440                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       291440                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          499                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          499                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        44523                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        19619                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           31                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        64198                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        44523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        20118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total        64697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        44523                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        20118                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           31                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           25                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total        64697                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          485                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          627                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1112                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          300                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          220                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          520                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        75714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          201                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        75915                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       357440                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       441564                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4473                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5292                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       808769                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       357440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       517278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       884684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       357440                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       517278                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4473                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5493                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       884684                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       291440                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       291440                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          485                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          627                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1112                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          300                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          220                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          520                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        76213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          201                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        76414                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       401963                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       461183                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4504                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5317                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       872967                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       401963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       537396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       949381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       401963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       537396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       949381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993453                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.993470                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.889236                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.957459                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.993117                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995298                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.926460                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.889236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.962564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.993117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.931853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.889236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.962564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.993117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.931853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks       288694                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total       288694                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements      1089583                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.987360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs        18568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs      1089583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.017041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.076070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     3.913115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     6.950791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.020207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.027176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.317254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.244570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.434424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses     14185141                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses     14185141                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       288694                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       288694                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          354                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          354                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2742                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1947                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4690                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total         5044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2742                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2301                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total         5044                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          485                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          627                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1112                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          300                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          220                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          520                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        75360                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          201                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        75561                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       354698                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       439617                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4473                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5291                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       804079                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       354698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       514977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       879640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       354698                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       514977                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4473                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5492                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       879640                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       288694                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       288694                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          485                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          627                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1112                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          300                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          220                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          520                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        75714                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          201                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        75915                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       357440                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       441564                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4473                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5292                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       808769                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       357440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       517278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       884684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       357440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       517278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       884684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995325                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.995337                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.992329                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995591                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999811                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.994201                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.992329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.992329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks       287299                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total       287299                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements        66625                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.734172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           66                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs        66625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15.418467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.217456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.095356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.002513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.963654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.013591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.005960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.250000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses      1175679                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses      1175679                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        63288                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        63288                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1899                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide        59776                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        61723                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          493                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          553                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2232                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          142                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3420                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        59918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total        65143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          541                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          553                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4131                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        59918                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total        65143                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        63288                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        63288                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1901                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        59776                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        61725                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          493                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          553                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2233                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          142                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3421                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        59918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total        65146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        59918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total        65146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998948                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999968                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999552                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999708                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks        63285                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total        63285                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              552561                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             306859                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              859420                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             270129                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         270129                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              1945755192                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            2497479                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              2497479                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      2397719                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           268                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             130968                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       175731                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             2397719                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  268                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      3239663                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      1877875                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          132                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          136                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               861041                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             553173                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            307868                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1943258180.583845                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      2497011.416155                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.001283                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.998717                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   351476                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        11460      0.46%      0.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu          1505128     60.27%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            8573      0.34%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              8      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          572003     22.90%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         309864     12.41%     96.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         90443      3.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           2497479                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits              398288                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               130                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           21797                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             227992                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          12576                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              626280                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               148                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           34373                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             313467                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         313588                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              1944821864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts            1842972                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps              1842972                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses      1768321                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           629                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              71985                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts       141344                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts             1768321                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  629                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads      2428885                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes      1382541                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          328                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          291                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               627640                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts             398568                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            229072                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1942980100.979449                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      1841763.020551                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000947                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999053                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                   247628                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass        13896      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu          1112854     60.38%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult            6360      0.35%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             54      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead          405839     22.02%     83.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         229357     12.44%     95.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         74767      4.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total           1843130                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           351960345                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses          10255855                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       359424534                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits          156173203                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses           246050                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   8                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses      149567348                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           508133548                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses          10501905                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   20                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       508991882                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         1921886680                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              684                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     1921887364                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              1945754398                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         1934278571                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           1934278571                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   1709498903                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       1668598                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls           87754687                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts    255153571                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          1709498903                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              1668598                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   2229328953                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes   1250355180                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads      1003537                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      1003612                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            521395623                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          364974673                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts         156420950                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      559424.180499                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1945194973.819501                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.999712                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.000288                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                400408985                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass    157012846      8.07%      8.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu       1149568993     59.11%     67.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          496389      0.03%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd         662219      0.03%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt         300167      0.02%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv         100058      0.01%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       373705025     19.22%     86.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite      156427568      8.04%     94.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess     106507230      5.48%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        1944780496                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits              353583                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 3                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              22                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits             194553                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              548136                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 3                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              22                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             209273                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         209273                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              1945235591                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts            1630126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps              1630126                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses      1562611                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           409                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls              66830                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts       118697                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts             1562611                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  409                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads      2146803                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes      1235179                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          198                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          204                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               549195                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts             353623                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts            195572                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1943606550.702939                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      1629040.297061                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000837                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999163                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                   218281                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9797      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           987170     60.56%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult            6228      0.38%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             19      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead          359995     22.08%     83.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite         195582     12.00%     95.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess         71338      4.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total           1630129                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             564                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         812754                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           2952                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          2952                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       351982                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       454660                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1446                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          562                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1757                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        137652                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       137640                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       812190                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       196180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       196180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      2520931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      2520931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total            2717111                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      8219776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      8219776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     75115217                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     75115217                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            83334993                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                     31750165                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      33509772                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.947418                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.223197                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1             1762008      5.26%      5.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2            31747764     94.74%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        33509772                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.072778                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 72778091000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3307413462500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                7111743                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  7111742                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              212943308                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 764316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   341.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2430594951                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2430594951                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       526400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     14052992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       347008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data     10316992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       169088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      3493760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       410304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      9949120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          39265664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       526400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       347008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       169088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       410304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      1452800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      2965312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2965312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         8225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       219578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         5422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data       161203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         2642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        54590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         6411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data       155455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             613526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        46333                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             46333                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      7232946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    193093716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4768028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    141759585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2323337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     48005656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      5637741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    136704877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            539525886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      7232946                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4768028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2323337                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      5637741                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        19962051                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       40744570                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            40744570                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       40744570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      7232946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    193093716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      4768028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    141759585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      2323337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     48005656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      5637741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    136704877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           580270455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        67456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    130459968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        43776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data     83567040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        22208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     40468288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     84102400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         338771008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        67456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        43776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        22208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       173312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     12045760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12045760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      2038437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data      1305735                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       632317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data      1314100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            5293297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       188215                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            188215                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       926872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data   1792571998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       601500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data   1148244463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       305147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    556050419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       547857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data   1155600523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           4654848779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       926872                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       601500                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       305147                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       547857                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         2381376                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      165513547                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           165513547                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      165513547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       926872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data   1792571998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       601500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data   1148244463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       305147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    556050419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       547857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data   1155600523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          4820362326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      20                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                   2098360                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     853     31.35%     31.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     55      2.02%     33.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     74      2.72%     36.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     39      1.43%     37.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   1700     62.48%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                2721                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      853     46.08%     46.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      55      2.97%     49.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      74      4.00%     53.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      39      2.11%     55.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     830     44.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1851                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             72579636000     99.73%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                4125000      0.01%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3626000      0.00%     99.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                4747000      0.01%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              185028500      0.25%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         72777162500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.488235                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.680265                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   62      0.20%      0.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   99      0.32%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2278      7.45%      7.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    150      0.49%      8.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     276      0.90%      9.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 102      0.33%      9.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique              27627     90.30%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 30594                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              373                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                194                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                194                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  194                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.520107                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.684303                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      973539558000     93.10%     93.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user         72135596000      6.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      99                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          2981904                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.865870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           19962479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2981904                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.694541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   511.865870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.999738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         48303195                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        48303195                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     15170007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       15170007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      4349825                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4349825                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        77067                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        77067                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        76470                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        76470                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     19519832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        19519832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     19519832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       19519832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2960295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2960295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        24409                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        24409                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1126                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1126                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2984704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2984704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2984704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2984704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     18130302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18130302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4374234                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4374234                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        77679                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        77679                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        77596                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        77596                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     22504536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22504536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     22504536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22504536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.163279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.163279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005580                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005580                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.007879                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007879                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.014511                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.014511                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.132627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.132627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.132627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.132627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155244                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155244                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            13861                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          137059798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            13861                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          9888.160883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        289561217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       289561217                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    144759817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      144759817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    144759817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       144759817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    144759817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      144759817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        13861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        13861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        13861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         13861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        13861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        13861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    144773678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    144773678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    144773678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    144773678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    144773678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    144773678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        13861                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            13861                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      74                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                   1349047                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     572     32.06%     32.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     74      4.15%     36.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     55      3.08%     39.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   1083     60.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                1784                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      572     46.77%     46.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      74      6.05%     52.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      55      4.50%     57.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     522     42.68%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 1223                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             72904708000     99.82%     99.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3626000      0.00%     99.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                6806000      0.01%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              121269500      0.17%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         73036409500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.481994                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.685538                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   15      0.05%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   99      0.34%      0.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1463      5.08%      5.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    163      0.57%      6.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     192      0.67%      6.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  62      0.22%      6.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique              26828     93.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 28822                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              169                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                117                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                122                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                163                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  117                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   46                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.964497                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.377049                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.799020                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         125227000      0.05%      0.05% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user         46715721500     17.67%     17.71% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        217599320000     82.29%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      99                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          1892231                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.037372                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           13164635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1892231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.957203                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   506.037372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.988354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          471                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.919922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         31463620                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        31463620                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      9873205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9873205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2921873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2921873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        47316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        47316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        46920                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        46920                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     12795078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        12795078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     12795078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       12795078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1883799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1883799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        10522                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10522                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          398                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          398                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          768                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          768                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1894321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1894321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1894321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1894321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     11757004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11757004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2932395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2932395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        47714                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        47714                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        47688                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        47688                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     14689399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14689399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     14689399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14689399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.160228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.160228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.003588                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003588                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.008341                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008341                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.016105                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.016105                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.128958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.128958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.128958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.128958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        88805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            88805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             9406                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           64460027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          6853.075377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        187547956                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       187547956                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     93759869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       93759869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     93759869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        93759869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     93759869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       93759869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         9406                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9406                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         9406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          9406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         9406                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         9406                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     93769275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     93769275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     93769275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     93769275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     93769275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     93769275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9406                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             9406                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      61                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    662711                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     478     29.95%     29.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     74      4.64%     34.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     13      0.81%     35.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1031     64.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                1596                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      478     46.05%     46.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      74      7.13%     53.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      13      1.25%     54.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     473     45.57%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1038                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             72695397500     99.89%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3626000      0.00%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1722000      0.00%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               76821500      0.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         72777567000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.458778                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.650376                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      7.69%      7.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        5     38.46%     46.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        2     15.38%     61.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        5     38.46%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    13                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   48      0.17%      0.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   22      0.08%      0.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1391      4.96%      5.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    155      0.55%      5.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     122      0.43%      6.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  34      0.12%      6.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              26285     93.68%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 28057                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              144                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 61                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 61                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   61                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.423611                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.595122                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       50657859500     69.61%     69.61% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         22119707500     30.39%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      22                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           918334                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          484.057608                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            6173446                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           918334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.722441                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   484.057608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.945425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          491                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.958984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         15055791                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        15055791                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      4602590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4602590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1509901                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1509901                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        17437                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17437                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        17316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      6112491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         6112491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      6112491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        6112491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       906457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       906457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        13672                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        13672                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          261                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          261                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          375                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          375                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       920129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        920129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       920129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       920129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5509047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5509047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1523573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1523573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        17698                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17698                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        17691                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17691                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      7032620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7032620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      7032620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7032620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.164540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.164540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.008974                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008974                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.014747                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014747                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.021197                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.021197                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.130837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.130837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.130837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.130837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        51164                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            51164                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             5036                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           56134097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5036                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         11146.564138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         89017718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        89017718                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     44501305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       44501305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     44501305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        44501305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     44501305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       44501305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          5036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5036                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         5036                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     44506341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44506341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     44506341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     44506341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     44506341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     44506341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         5036                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             5036                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      66                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                   1362739                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     582     31.86%     31.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     74      4.05%     35.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     55      3.01%     38.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   1116     61.08%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                1827                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      582     46.41%     46.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      74      5.90%     52.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      55      4.39%     56.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     543     43.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 1254                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             72911079500     99.83%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3626000      0.00%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                6082500      0.01%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              116294500      0.16%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         73037082500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.486559                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.686371                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   28      0.10%      0.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   93      0.32%      0.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1515      5.25%      5.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    160      0.55%      6.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     188      0.65%      6.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  59      0.20%      7.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique              26787     92.91%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 28830                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              281                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                120                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                120                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  120                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.427046                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.598504                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      998875852000     95.52%     95.52% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user         46843397500      4.48%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      93                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          1966495                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.435928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           13101692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1966495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.662459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   506.435928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.989133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         31583527                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        31583527                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      9832519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9832519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2910971                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2910971                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        47360                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        47360                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        46885                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        46885                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     12743490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        12743490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     12743490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       12743490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1942882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1942882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        25737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          415                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          415                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          868                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          868                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1968619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       1968619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1968619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      1968619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     11775401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11775401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2936708                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2936708                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        47775                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        47775                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        47753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        47753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     14712109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14712109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     14712109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14712109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.164995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.164995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.008764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.008687                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008687                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018177                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.018177                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.133809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.133809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.133809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.133809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       114099                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           114099                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             9527                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           86799007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          9110.843602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        188049685                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       188049685                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst     94010552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       94010552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst     94010552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        94010552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst     94010552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       94010552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         9527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         9527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          9527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         9527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         9527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst     94020079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     94020079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst     94020079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     94020079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst     94020079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     94020079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             9527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  333                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 333                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 824                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                824                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    2314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          606                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         6134                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     6134                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests       9802598                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4902025                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       563595                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         8638046                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      8317537                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       320509                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 333                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            4868704                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                541                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               541                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       244049                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        11178                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          4080305                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2444                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1894                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4338                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             32487                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            32487                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          23267                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       4845104                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        34720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      8612960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        22992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      5477000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               14147672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1334976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    200887006                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       869504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    126901824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total               329993310                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         15069859                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          24869877                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.405552                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.516580                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                15104356     60.73%     60.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 9445012     37.98%     98.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                  320509      1.29%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            24869877                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       5804622                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2902634                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       228428                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1650291                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1553703                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        96588                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            2864578                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                283                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               283                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       165263                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         8404                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2497990                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1398                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2641                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             38011                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            38011                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          14563                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2850015                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        13664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2650440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        23866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      5794713                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                8482683                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       552192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     62141016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       917696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    133271744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               196882648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         10088427                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          15889510                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.138729                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.362823                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                13781762     86.73%     86.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                 2011160     12.66%     99.39% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   96588      0.61%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            15889510                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             3827769                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            4093.039092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               3777548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             3827769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.986880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    92.513820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.015607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.031445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.001539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.001912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst    10.677128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  2621.532691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     8.053927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1360.211022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.022586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.640023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.332083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.999277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4044                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          745                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2013                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987305                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses            77764499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses           77764499                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       244049                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       244049                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        11178                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        11178                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total             26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           50                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        19314                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         7914                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total           27228                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         4580                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3299                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         7879                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       698348                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       415125                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1113473                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         4580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       717662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       423039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            1148580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         4580                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       717662                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       423039                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           1148580                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1339                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          403                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1742                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          916                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          592                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1508                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3303                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1867                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          5170                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9281                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         6107                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        15388                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2261186                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1468351                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3729537                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2264489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         6107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1470218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          3750095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9281                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2264489                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         6107                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1470218                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         3750095                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       244049                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       244049                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        11178                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        11178                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1354                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          414                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1768                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          944                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          614                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1558                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        22617                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9781                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        32398                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        13861                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         9406                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        23267                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2959534                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1883476                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4843010                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        13861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2982151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         9406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1893257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total        4898675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        13861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2982151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         9406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1893257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total       4898675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.988922                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.973430                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.985294                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.970339                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.964169                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.967908                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.146041                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.190880                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.159578                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.669577                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.649266                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.661366                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.764034                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.779596                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.770087                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.669577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.759348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.649266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.776555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.765533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.669577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.759348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.649266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.776555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.765533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks         152570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total              152570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             2214393                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4072.688090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               2392421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             2214393                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.080396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   105.401177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     3.768904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   621.900126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    43.686393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  3297.931491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.025733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.151831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.805159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.994309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4059                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          658                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1346                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990967                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            46861672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           46861672                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       165263                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       165263                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         8404                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         8404                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        10575                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        22495                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           33070                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2015                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2459                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4474                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       220071                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       471918                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       691989                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       230646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       494413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             729533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2015                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       230646                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2459                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       494413                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            729533                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          487                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          661                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1148                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          316                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          766                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1082                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2471                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2439                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          4910                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3021                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         7068                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        10089                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       686263                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1470939                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2157202                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       688734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         7068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1473378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          2172201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3021                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       688734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         7068                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1473378                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         2172201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       165263                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       165263                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         8404                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         8404                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          488                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          667                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1155                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          325                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          780                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1105                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        13046                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        24934                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        37980                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5036                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         9527                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        14563                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       906334                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1942857                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2849191                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       919380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         9527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1967791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        2901734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       919380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         9527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1967791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       2901734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997951                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991004                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.993939                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.972308                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.982051                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.979186                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.189407                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.097818                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.129279                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.599881                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.741891                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.692783                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.757186                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.757101                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.757128                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.599881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.749129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.741891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.748747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.748587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.599881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.749129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.741891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.748747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.748587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks          83544                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total               83544                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           3965030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               824                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              824                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       171329                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3609716                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          2259                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           4100                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             5544                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            5445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3964697                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1117353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      9984711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     11103812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       628773                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       629339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total              11733151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     27075136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side    222694656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3870                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    249773662                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     15284352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     15286616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              265060278                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        10809002                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         18642897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.579633                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.493618                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                7836864     42.04%     42.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               10806033     57.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           18642897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           5511786                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       207861                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4751354                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2862                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          2452                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           4430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9260                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      5511786                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      5644988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       661166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      6306154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      9705371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      9705371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              16011525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    128862592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     15506584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    144369176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    222277248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total    222277248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              366646424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                         1255361                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         12176965                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.102963                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.303911                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               10923184     89.70%     89.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                1253781     10.30%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           12176965                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements      3468679                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.993809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs        15419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs      3468679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.004445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.607892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.012139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    10.446840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.923136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.037993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.652928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.307696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses     56493063                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses     56493063                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       124996                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       124996                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          202                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          103                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          305                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3630                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1404                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5037                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total         5342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3832                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1507                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total         5342                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          920                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          179                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1099                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          642                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          447                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1089                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2815                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1553                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         4368                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1054                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2037695                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1305465                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3344898                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2040510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1307018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total      3349266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1054                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2040510                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1307018                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total      3349266                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       124996                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       124996                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          920                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          179                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1099                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          642                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          447                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1089                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3017                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1656                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4673                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1056                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2041325                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          685                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1306869                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3349935                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2044342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1308525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total      3354608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2044342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1308525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total      3354608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.933046                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.937802                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.934731                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.998106                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998222                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.998540                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998926                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998496                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.998106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.998540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.998106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.998540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       124538                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       124538                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements       239154                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.904254                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs        14435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs       239154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.060359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.916946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.036265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.080172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     3.638719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     9.232152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.057309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.130011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.227420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.577009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses      3735734                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses      3735734                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        19646                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19646                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          463                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1525                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2054                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total         2054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           32                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          463                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           34                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1525                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total         2054                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          177                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          328                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          505                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          218                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          331                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          290                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2642                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        54770                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         6411                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       156442                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       220265                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        54849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         6411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       156653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       220555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2642                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        54849                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         6411                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       156653                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       220555                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        19646                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19646                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          177                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          328                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          505                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          219                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          332                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          290                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2674                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        55233                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         6445                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       157967                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       222319                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        55312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         6445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       158178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       222609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        55312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         6445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       158178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       222609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995434                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996988                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.988033                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991617                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.994725                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.990346                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.990761                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.988033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.994725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.990359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.990773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.988033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.994725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.990359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.990773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        19225                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        19225                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       238281                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.904183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         2517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       238281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.010563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.022622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.037350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.088565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     3.581858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     9.173789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.063914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.130535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.223866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.573362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      3704028                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      3704028                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        19225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          482                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          493                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          482                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          493                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          180                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          327                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          507                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          218                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          331                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2642                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        54759                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         6411                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       155960                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       219772                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        54835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         6411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       156171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       220059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2642                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        54835                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         6411                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       156171                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       220059                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        19225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          180                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          328                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          508                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          218                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          331                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2642                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        54770                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         6411                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       156442                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       220265                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        54846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         6411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       156653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       220552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        54846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         6411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       156653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       220552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996951                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998031                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999799                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996919                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997762                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        18759                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        18759                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements      3468038                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.992598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs         1813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs      3468038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.598892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.012028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    10.454727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.923195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.037431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.653420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.307700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses     56408047                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses     56408047                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       124538                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       124538                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total           98                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          312                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           91                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          403                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total          501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          373                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          128                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total          501                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          920                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          179                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1099                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          642                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          447                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1089                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2754                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1516                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         4270                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1054                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2037383                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1305374                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3344495                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2040137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1306890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total      3348765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1054                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2040137                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1306890                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total      3348765                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       124538                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       124538                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          920                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          179                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1099                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          642                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          447                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1089                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2815                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1553                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4368                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1054                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2037695                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1305465                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3344898                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2040510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1307018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total      3349266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2040510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1307018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total      3349266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.978330                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.976175                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.977564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999847                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999930                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999880                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks       124317                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total       124317                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits            17753220                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses           2045665                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses        19693432                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits            4452034                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses            21887                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses        4406662                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits            22205254                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses           2067552                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses        24100094                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          144313782                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               47                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      144313829                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               145554400                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          142706126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            142706126                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    104206369                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses      32206743                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            2058726                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts      8694931                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           104206369                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts             32206743                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    165224046                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes     80825031                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads     41403560                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes     30891821                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs             24728371                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts           20253979                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts           4474392                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      782466.422374                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      144771933.577626                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.994624                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.005376                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 12294837                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     11313610      7.81%      7.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu         55740716     38.50%     46.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            2687      0.00%     46.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     46.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       22096963     15.26%     61.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp         541579      0.37%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt        6627945      4.58%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult       1003988      0.69%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv         108456      0.07%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead        22144695     15.30%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite        4474763      3.09%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess      20718276     14.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         144773678                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits            11535695                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses           1305825                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses        12769276                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits            2979978                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses            14228                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses        2952105                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits            14515673                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses           1320053                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses        15721381                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits           93460909                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses               43                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses       93460952                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               146072953                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts           92449222                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps             92449222                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses     67630645                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses      20720722                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls            1377481                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts      5667647                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts            67630645                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts             20720722                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads    106912590                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes     52398386                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads     26574893                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes     19851665                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs             16105190                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts           13110543                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts           2994647                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      51970798.194446                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      94102154.805554                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.644213                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.355787                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                  8071181                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass      7281144      7.76%      7.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu         36318542     38.73%     46.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult            1706      0.00%     46.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     46.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd       14316668     15.27%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp         353969      0.38%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt        4315633      4.60%     66.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult        534792      0.57%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv          71320      0.08%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead        14343041     15.30%     82.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite        2994693      3.19%     85.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess      13237767     14.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total          93769275                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits             5369420                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses            627358                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         5944966                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits            1541323                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses             7151                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        1508537                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits             6910743                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses            634509                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses         7453503                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits           44262633                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses               62                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses       44262695                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               145556243                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           43871832                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             43871832                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     32412411                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       9267478                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             705320                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      2786825                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            32412411                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              9267478                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads     50128488                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes     25075738                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads     11782453                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      8831375                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs              7702774                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts            6154103                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts           1548671                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      101049882.346797                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      44506360.653203                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.305767                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.694233                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  4002947                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass      3558720      8.00%      8.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         17480076     39.28%     47.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             686      0.00%     47.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     47.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd        6536475     14.69%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp         169336      0.38%     62.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        1996640      4.49%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult         74392      0.17%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv          34228      0.08%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead         6727423     15.12%     82.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite        1548822      3.48%     85.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess       6379543     14.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          44506341                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits            11552184                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses           1319010                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses        12799958                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits            2984376                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses            14725                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses        2957604                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits            14536560                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses           1333735                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses        15757562                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits           93716338                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses               50                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses       93716388                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               146075699                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts           92686344                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps             92686344                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses     67836403                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses      20717738                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            1376402                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts      5687459                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts            67836403                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts             20717738                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads    107125483                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes     52567427                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads     26570987                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes     19849536                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs             16141718                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts           13142186                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts           2999532                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      51720061.966481                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      94355637.033519                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.645937                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.354063                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                  8091299                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass      7312200      7.78%      7.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu         36366102     38.68%     46.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult            1663      0.00%     46.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd       14315995     15.23%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp         353590      0.38%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt        4315561      4.59%     66.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult        534338      0.57%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv          71208      0.08%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead        14375158     15.29%     82.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite        2999605      3.19%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess      13374659     14.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total          94020079                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        3565163                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            283                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           283                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       143763                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      3333328                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2080                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1647                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3027                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4726                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4655                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3565163                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      9968861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      9968861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       655257                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       655257                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total           10624118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side    222323456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total    222323456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     15347992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     15347992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           237671448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      8356536                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      15402971                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.542232                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.498213                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1             7050990     45.78%     45.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2             8351981     54.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        15402971                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.083204                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 83204305500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3390617768000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               13661334                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 13661328                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              438106769                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 765340                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   189.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2594529337                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2594529337                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       151296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        84608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         2624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       305728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     14660032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        59264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        25728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          15295168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       151296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       305728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        59264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       522176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       389504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         389504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         2364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           92                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         4777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       229063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             238987                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         6086                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              6086                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1818367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      1016870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        70766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        31537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3674425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    176193190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       712271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       309215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            183826641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1818367                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        70766                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3674425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       712271                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         6275829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        4681296                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             4681296                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        4681296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1818367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      1016870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        70766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        31537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      3674425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    176193190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       712271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       309215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           188507937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       578624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         2752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        76160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    292166592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        82944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        73856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         292987264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        76160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        82496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     72498688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       72498688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         9041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      4565103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide         1154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            4577926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      1132792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1132792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        29998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      6954256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        33075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       915337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data   3511435980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        46151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       996871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide         887646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           3521299315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        29998                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       915337                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        46151                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          991487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      871333371                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           871333371                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      871333371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        29998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      6954256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        33075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       915337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data   3511435980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        46151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       996871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide        887646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          4392632687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      88                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      3710                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     961     33.98%     33.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    123      4.35%     38.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     85      3.01%     41.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.04%     41.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   1658     58.63%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                2828                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      959     45.11%     45.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     123      5.79%     50.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      85      4.00%     54.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.05%     54.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     958     45.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 2126                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             83064674500     99.83%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                9225000      0.01%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4165000      0.01%     99.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     99.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              126863500      0.15%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         83205040000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.997919                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.577805                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.751768                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.10%      0.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      1.85%      1.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2311     80.61%     82.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    174      6.07%     88.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.03%     88.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     308     10.74%     99.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      0.52%     99.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.07%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  2867                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              360                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.266667                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.422319                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       83132257500     99.91%     99.91% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500      0.09%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            12601                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          473.507249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             282819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            21.567833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   473.507249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.924819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.924819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           565343                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          565343                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       141892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         141892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       116345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        116345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2491                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2491                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2438                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2438                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       258237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          258237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       258237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         258237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           89                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           89                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         12848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        12848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       147657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       147657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       123428                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       123428                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2527                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2527                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       271085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       271085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       271085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       271085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.039043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.057386                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.057386                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.063534                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.063534                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.035220                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.035220                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.047395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.047395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.047395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7904                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             7904                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             4904                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            9897021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1827.367245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1537264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1537264                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       761273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         761273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       761273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          761273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       761273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         761273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          4906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         4906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       766179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       766179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       766179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       766179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       766179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       766179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4904                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             4904                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      86                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      1487                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     347     26.35%     26.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     85      6.45%     32.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.08%     32.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    884     67.12%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                1317                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      347     44.54%     44.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      85     10.91%     55.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.13%     55.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     346     44.42%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  779                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             82953514000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4165000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               44173500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         83002017000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.391403                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.591496                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1145     81.73%     81.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    170     12.13%     93.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      86      6.14%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  1401                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 86                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              344                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          467.062732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            67.199726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   467.062732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.912232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.912232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.755859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            85950                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           85950                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        26850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          26850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        14743                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         14743                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          265                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          265                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          247                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          247                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        41593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           41593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        41593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          41593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        27333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        14828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        14828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          275                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          275                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          270                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          270                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        42161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        42161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        42161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        42161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.005732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.036364                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.036364                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.085185                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.085185                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           20                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               20                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              558                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           30387263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         28399.311215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           250208                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          250208                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       124267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         124267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       124267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          124267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       124267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         124267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       124825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       124825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       124825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       124825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       124825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          558                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              558                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                   3086501                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    6215     47.08%     47.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      1      0.01%     47.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     85      0.64%     47.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     47.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   6898     52.26%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               13200                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     6215     49.66%     49.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       1      0.01%     49.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      85      0.68%     50.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     50.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    6214     49.65%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                12516                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             81688254000     98.42%     98.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                  71500      0.00%     98.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4165000      0.01%     98.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     98.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1308551000      1.58%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         83001206000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.900841                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.948182                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      9.09%      9.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      9.09%     18.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         5     45.45%     63.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      9.09%     72.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      9.09%     81.82% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      9.09%     90.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        1      9.09%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    11                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   41      0.31%      0.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.02%      0.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                12983     96.88%     97.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    175      1.31%     98.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.01%     98.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     130      0.97%     99.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  20      0.15%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.04%     99.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 41      0.31%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 13401                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              172                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                126                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                127                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  126                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.738372                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.848993                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2049472500      2.47%      2.47% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         80885246500     97.53%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      41                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          5640447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.951625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           30643395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5640943                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.432318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.951625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.999906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         78199327                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        78199327                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     18472880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       18472880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     10004377                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      10004377                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       986825                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       986825                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1173927                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1173927                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     28477257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        28477257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     28477257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       28477257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5406178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5406178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        47887                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        47887                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       187194                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       187194                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           81                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           81                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5454065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       5454065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5454065                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      5454065                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     23879058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23879058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     10052264                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10052264                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1174019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1174019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1174008                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1174008                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     33931322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     33931322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     33931322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     33931322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.226398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.226398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.004764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.159447                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.159447                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000069                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.160738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.160738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.160738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.160738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1158940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          1158940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             7967                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          172266134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             8479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         20316.798443                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.999429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        331722746                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       331722746                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    165849415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      165849415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    165849415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       165849415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    165849415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      165849415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         7972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         7972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          7972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         7972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         7972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    165857387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    165857387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    165857387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    165857387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    165857387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    165857387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             7967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      88                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      2271                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     439     29.00%     29.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     85      5.61%     34.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.20%     34.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    987     65.19%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                1514                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      439     45.54%     45.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      85      8.82%     54.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.31%     54.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     437     45.33%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  964                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             82946751500     99.93%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4165000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               50250500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         83001518500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.442756                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.636724                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.06%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   59      3.52%      3.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.30%      3.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1273     76.05%     79.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    171     10.22%     90.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     154      9.20%     99.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.54%     99.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.12%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                  1674                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              213                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.314554                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.478571                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       82972932500     99.99%     99.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      59                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2538                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          471.644719                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              81664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.339806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   471.644719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.921181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.921181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.876953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           164065                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          164065                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        48773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          48773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        27425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         27425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          698                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          698                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        76198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           76198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        76198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          76198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          773                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          773                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           34                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          2903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2903                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         2903                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        50903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        50903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        28198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          743                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          743                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        79101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        79101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        79101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        79101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.041844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.027413                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027413                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.065596                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.065596                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.045760                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.045760                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.036700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.036700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1030                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1030                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1829                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            8397419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          3587.107646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           520937                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          520937                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       257725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         257725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       257725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          257725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       257725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         257725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       259554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       259554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       259554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       259554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       259554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       259554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.007047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.007047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.007047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   9                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    73728                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          9                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  751                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 751                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2017                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2017                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         3226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         2310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         2310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         3808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1353                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          621                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         5809                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        73752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        73752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    79561                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1155                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                10395                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               10395                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                3                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1152                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1152                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         37578                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        18385                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2224                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          118781                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        94702                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        24079                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 738                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              12629                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7924                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4110                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4292                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              258                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            112                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             370                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6910                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6910                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           5464                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6427                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        13597                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        40954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  57484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       556224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1328659                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        56512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        36400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1977795                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          9593187                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples           9631806                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.015253                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.141494                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                 9508969     98.72%     98.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   98758      1.03%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                   24079      0.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total             9631806                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      11306908                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5653497                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       160548                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         2260027                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      2215294                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        44733                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            5605362                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                195                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               195                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1159970                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7343                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          4325141                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              699                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            115                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             814                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             47961                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            47961                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           9801                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       5595551                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        22105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     16765683                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         4840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         8490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               16801118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       904512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    435173166                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       192704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       251136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               436521518                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          5725898                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          17032759                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.154160                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.368305                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                14451739     84.85%     84.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                 2536277     14.89%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   44741      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            17032759                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               14050                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3945.135981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 17988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               18000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.999333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   366.992988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   148.227347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1882.367141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   210.886337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1336.662168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.089598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.036188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.459562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.051486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.326334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.963168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3950                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          724                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1660                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          965                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          601                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964355                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              304479                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             304479                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7924                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7924                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4110                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         4110                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          299                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             301                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          466                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2968                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1755                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          257                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2012                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               5281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2054                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          259                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              5281                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          215                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          253                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           84                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          103                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6563                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          6606                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2403                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           92                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2495                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4163                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          117                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4280                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            13381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2403                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10726                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           92                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          160                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           13381                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7924                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7924                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4110                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4110                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          215                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          254                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           84                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          103                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6862                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6907                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4905                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         5463                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5918                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          374                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6292                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          18662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         18662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.974359                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996063                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.956427                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.956421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.489908                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.164875                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.456709                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.703447                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.312834                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.680229                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.489908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.839280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.164875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.381862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.717019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.489908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.839280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.164875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.381862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.717019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4544                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4544                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             5214738                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4089.625791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               4425726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             5218588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                0.848070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   362.705561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     9.955227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  3711.661330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.491872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.811801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.088551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.906167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.998444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3850                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          666                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.939941                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            94434069                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           94434069                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1159970                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1159970                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7343                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         7343                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4759                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           98                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            4857                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         1999                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          834                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2833                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       840621                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          893                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       841514                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       845380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             849204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         1999                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       845380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          834                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          991                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            849204                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          610                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           49                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          659                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           64                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           87                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        42490                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          605                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total         43095                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5973                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          995                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         6968                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4752642                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1213                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      4753855                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4795132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          4803918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5973                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4795132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          995                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1818                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         4803918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1159970                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1159970                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7343                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7343                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          611                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           52                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          663                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           64                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        47249                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          703                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        47952                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         7972                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1829                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         9801                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5593263                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2106                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      5595369                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         7972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5640512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        5653122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         7972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5640512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       5653122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998363                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.942308                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.993967                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.899278                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.860597                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.898711                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.749247                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.544013                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.710948                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.849708                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.575973                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.849605                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.749247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.850124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.544013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.647205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.849781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.749247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.850124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.544013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.647205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.849781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        1133447                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             1133447                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                748                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            242548                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               865                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              865                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11535                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          225204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             352                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           183                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             7088                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            7084                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       241800                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        10947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        27526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        41289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       695899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       696309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         3465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         3465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                741063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       269888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       877120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4355                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1151363                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     15445888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1454                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     15447342                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        73920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        73920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               16672625                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         9111751                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          9605529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.948548                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.220917                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 494222      5.15%      5.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                9111307     94.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            9605529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           4763724                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1138854                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3404326                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             787                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            858                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            50744                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           50735                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4763714                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     13441613                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       701887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     14143500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        30778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        30778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              14174278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    364510848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     15481710                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    379992558                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1020288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      1020288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              381012846                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          490875                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         10071487                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.048718                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.215277                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                9580827     95.13%     95.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 490660      4.87%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           10071487                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         8245                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.197316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         8261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.015010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.297543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.144282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.755264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.581096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.196518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.109704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.887332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       177391                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       177391                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           21                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           21                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           86                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           88                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6463                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         6495                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2842                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2895                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1152                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         9390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9305                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         9390                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           86                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6471                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6503                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2855                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2908                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         1152                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         9411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         9411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998764                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998770                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995447                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995530                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         5422                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         5422                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements       241035                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.996290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs        25581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs       241051                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.106123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.025010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.552188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data    10.822215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.301374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.295502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.251563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.034512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.676388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.018836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.018469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses      3965604                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses      3965604                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6062                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6062                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          133                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total          175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          152                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total          175                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           72                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          471                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          488                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4777                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       228956                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          926                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          495                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       235154                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       229427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       235642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4777                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       229427                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          926                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          512                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       235642                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6062                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6062                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          490                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          509                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4783                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       229089                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          935                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          501                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       235308                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       229579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       235817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       229579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       235817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.961224                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.894737                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.958743                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998746                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999419                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.990374                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.988024                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999346                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.990374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.984615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.990374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.984615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         5970                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         5970                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       240876                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.997114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         2737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       240892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.011362                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.293610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.712999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data    13.760997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.601183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.628325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.018351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.044562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.860062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.037574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.039270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      3962944                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      3962944                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5970                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5970                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          132                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          139                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          139                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           72                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          464                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          481                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4777                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       228824                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          926                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          495                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       235022                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       229288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       235503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4777                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       229288                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          926                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          512                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       235503                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5970                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5970                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          471                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          488                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4777                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       228956                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          926                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          495                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       235154                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       229427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       235642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       229427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       235642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.985138                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.985656                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999423                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999439                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         5839                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         5839                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         8220                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.291072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           92                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         8236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.011170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.161663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.557237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.571851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.510104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.222327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.160741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       178109                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       178109                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5422                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5422                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           86                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           88                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6460                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         7644                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2838                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2891                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         1155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total        10535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9298                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         1155                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total        10535                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5422                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5422                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           86                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6463                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7647                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2842                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2895                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         1155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total        10542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         1155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total        10542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999536                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999608                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998593                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998618                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         5407                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         5407                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              150341                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             126602                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              276943                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             198579                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         198731                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               166410501                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             765697                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               765697                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       735477                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              30987                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        67569                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              735477                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      1018636                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       529587                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               278387                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             151426                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            126961                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      165644250.295350                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      766250.704650                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.004605                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.995395                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   106635                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        11225      1.47%      1.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           447480     58.40%     59.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            1221      0.16%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.15%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.03%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          157470     20.55%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         127199     16.60%     97.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         20185      2.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            766179                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               27608                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              15188                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               42796                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              17779                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          17779                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               166004060                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             124825                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               124825                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       119254                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               5222                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts         8676                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              119254                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       162646                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        94450                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                42882                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              27608                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             15274                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      165879624.249256                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      124435.750744                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000750                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999250                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    16556                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass          787      0.63%      0.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            74084     59.35%     59.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             477      0.38%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           28161     22.56%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          15274     12.24%     95.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6042      4.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            124825                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits            24590588                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses           3035632                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses        26932451                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           11226304                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses            37048                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       10906375                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            35816892                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses           3072680                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        37838826                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          161896178                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              321                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      161896499                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               166001311                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          162784695                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            162784695                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    138981418                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       8400953                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            3775890                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     17926189                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           138981418                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              8400953                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads    177628183                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    103894859                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads     10800546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      8400474                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             39352293                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts           28088719                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          11263574                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      549558.896987                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      165451752.103013                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.996689                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.003311                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                 23690495                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     12916157      7.79%      7.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         71904161     43.35%     51.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult           16438      0.01%     51.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd        6400149      3.86%     55.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              2      0.00%     55.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        2000004      1.21%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             2      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             15      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead        30573307     18.43%     74.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       11263883      6.79%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess      30783269     18.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         165857387                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               51099                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              28922                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               80021                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              40911                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          41036                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               166001657                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             259169                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               259169                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       248326                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           363                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               7914                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        24506                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              248326                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  363                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       334042                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       192734                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          186                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          189                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                81222                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              51988                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             29234                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      165742699.834956                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      258957.165044                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.001560                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.998440                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    36091                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         3597      1.39%      1.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           160137     61.70%     63.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             555      0.21%     63.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     63.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             26      0.01%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           53583     20.64%     83.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          29244     11.27%     95.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess         12409      4.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            259554                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              10                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         238059                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            195                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           195                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11392                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       227643                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          180                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           92                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          236                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8136                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8135                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       238049                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        30920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        30920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       701402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       701402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             732322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      1021696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      1021696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     15464622                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     15464622                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            16486318                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      9353359                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples       9838384                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.950632                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.216634                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1              485697      4.94%      4.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2             9352687     95.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total         9838384                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
